{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i1 Violet}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 Violet is one of these people where you wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t say her actions mattered much. However, she does really have a place in this story.\line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \line Violet Cross is my name. I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m a twenty-eight-year-old journalist for the New Times, the largest newspaper in the entire Confederacy of Places. I\u8217\'92m one of the few people that the Energy communicates with, and thus, I mostly function as it\u8217\'92s eyes, ears and mouth. Nobody besides me knows about this though. It has been five years since the Energy entered our world, and I sometimes think it may have been a good thing. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The story about how I ended up in this position is quite interesting though. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Before the Event, my life was rather boring. I was an Internet celebrity, mostly writing about stupid, small things. I lived in a small apartment, in Islington, near London. I lived there with my cat }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Meow, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 and my boyfriend Charles Wilson. The apartment smelled of books and antiquities, because both me and Charles loved collecting old things. Books, maps, and other antiquities filled our house. There was barely any space left in our apartment to live in. Therefore, it was a small wonder that Meow rarely destroyed anything. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 I still remember the day when the message came about the Entity. I was relaxing, binge-watching Friends, when suddenly the broadcast got interrupted for news. For a second this annoyed me, but then I saw it for the first time. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 On the television, a giant Sphere was shown on the television. As they explained what had happened, my phone started ringing. It was Mary, one of my friends. We had been friends since primary school, and we had stayed in touch ever since. I picked up to hear her panicking on the other end of the line. She had just watched the news. She asked me if this was the end of the world. I answered that I didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know, as I had only just seen it on the news myself. I told her that everything was going to be fine, and that there was no need to worry about it too much. She didn\u8217\'92t seem to get any more calm though. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 At that time we were still calling it the Sphere, and unsure of what it was. To be honest, we still don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t really know what it is, or why it is here, but at the very least, we have some of an idea of it\u8217\'92s capabilities. At that point, we didn\u8217\'92t know anything about it, except for it\u8217\'92s shape.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I was working as a freelance writer, working for multiple newspapers. It wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t a well-paid job, but the amount of jobs for someone with a journalist background was quite low at that point. I was mostly writing opinion pieces. I hated doing that, but finding work as a writer was a challenge back then, so I took any work I could get. I was asked by the Guardian to write an article on what people on the street thought about the Sphere. I decided to swallow my pride, and took on the job. These pieces were always easy to write; you start by making up persons. This is rather simple, since the subjects of your piece are supposed to remain anonymous anyway. For instance, you could have a John Smith from Birmingham. Then, you make up opinions. This is even more simple, because people are surprisingly stupid and predictable. One person is mostly scared, one thinks we have an option to improve as humanity, and another person thinks we should go to war with it. I was done with my article before my cup of tea had become cold. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I pet Meow as I sent in my article. After that, I watched the news on the TV while enjoying my cup of tea. The whole situation felt surprisingly normal for the magnitude of the things that were unfolding. It was quite relaxing in a way to see the predictable panic on television. There was a strange suspense, because nobody really knew what was going on, and why. Besides that, after the initial shock of the Sphere existing, nothing had changed. Meow purred in delight, obviously loving the attention she had been given. Meow was possibly the one best-off because of the disaster, getting much more attention than she would have otherwise gotten.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The Sphere had, as of yet, not killed anyone, or even done major damage. It was just there, growing ever so slowly.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The television broadcast started to get boring after a few hours. Most of it was scientist disagreeing about the nature of the Sphere. This made sense, as none of them had any idea what was going on, which put them on the same level as most other people. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody knew anything about what it was, or why it was there. Even the most simple questions, such as the material it was made of came up empty. An attempt was made to use a robot to scoop up some material, but the robot broke as it tried to finish it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92 s task, leaving a broken robot stranded there.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing that was sure was that the Sphere was beyond anything that could have been made by a human, so it must have been like it should be alien. However, nobody saw it come from space, so it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s origins remained a mystery. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I turned off the TV, and laid down in bed for a while. My thoughts started to dwindle. I wondered if it was a creature from another place. What if it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s intelligent, and we could communicate with it? We could perhaps find out what it is, and why it\u8217\'92s here. It had so far shown no signs of intelligent behavior though.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Still, having contact with such a being could be immensely intriguing.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I cooked dinner, while still thinking about it. After dinner, I realized my boyfriend hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t come home yet, so I decided to call him and ask where he was. He told me he had forgotten about time while watching the news at work. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He was a maths teacher at a local high-school, and they had spent all of the day and evening watching the news. Sure, it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s important to learn, but the Sphere\u8217\'92s very existence was a shock to everyone. Most people didn\u8217\'92t have a world-view that could easily incorporate a giant glowing Sphere. Neither religious people nor scientific people had space in their beliefs for a giant glowing Sphere to fill. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next weeks, the entity started growing in size, people started to slowly understand the scale of what was going on. Because of the uncertainty and panic, most people started hoarding up on food. This caused food to be harder to obtain, especially items with a longer expiry date, as well as bottled water.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Most people started to wonder if this thing is going to eat the whole world. That would mean the end. Riots were raging for a while, but then, suddenly, things got normal again. This was probably caused by the Shape growing at a really low pace. People can only stay scared for a limited amount of time. Therefore, after a short period of chaos, the world continued mostly as normal. The thing that intrigued me most of all though, was the fact that the Shape had stopped being merely a Sphere, and instead had started to behave intelligently. It was on the news all of the time, people who managed to get away from the Shape, because the Shape retracted one of it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s arms to let them pass. It seemed as though it didn\u8217\'92t actually want to hurt people, but somehow couldn\u8217\'92t help it. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line A couple of months later, it was decided that the time had come to wage war against it, because we couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t just give up our planet without a fight. And, even though it wasn\u8217\'92t directly showing signs of hostility, it }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  taking up increasing amounts of space. At this point, it had gobbled up all of Switzerland, plus some surrounding areas. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 It still struck me as awful that our reaction to having an intelligent being at our doorstep was fighting it, rather than trying to come to an understanding. I tried writing my representative about it, but he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even find the time to reply. Thus, humanity went at war with the strongest enemy it had ever had. The results of this were predictable: destruction.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As the attacks started, the Shape fought back by causing major earthquakes. I was lucky to be walking in the countryside at that time, because the earthquakes destroyed my apartment building within seconds. I thought about my cat, and hoped he got out before the earthquake. That animal had a knack for somehow getting out of extremely dangerous situations unscratched, but this one was worse than any before. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I walked to the nearest building, looking for people that might need help. I found an elderly couple at their farm, which had caught fire. They seemed to be in shock, so I went to them to talk to them. They told me that farm had been in the family for two generations now, and that they had just finished renovating it. They got even more shocked when they thought about their children, who were living in the city. As we were thinking about ways to figure out how to reach them, the Event started to happen. From one moment to another, the Earth seemed to just fall apart. It didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t shake much or hurt much, it was just as though the earth no longer was one thing, but rather a collection of separate pieces. We saw the horizon break off, about five hundred meters away from us. We laid down on the ground, contemplating our lives, as we awaited the embrace of death. However, that didn\u8217\'92t seem to come. Instead, life just continued as though nothing had happened.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Bewildered by these events, we started to look around on our part of the earth, that had seemingly come lose. Besides the damage done by the Earthquake, not much had changed. Trees were still standing as they had been standing, and birds and butterflies still mostly flew as they always had done. In the distance, a lake was visible. Since the edge of our shard was in the middle of the lake, it had drained quite significantly. The water level had dropped at least half a meter, revealing water-plants, and even some water-animals. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 We walked by the lake, and went to the edge. We had a look at how the land around us was doing. Most of the ground seemed to have split up into shards, and most of it seemed to hover in the air. I couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t figure out what kept us from falling, but I wasn\u8217\'92t complaining about that. . Most people seemed to be lucky, and be on one of the parts, but some fell through the gaps. Also, some of the shards seemed to have fallen towards the core of the Earth.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I decided on gazing down over the edge. This was probably a bad decision, since what I saw frightened me immensely. The core of the earth was just visible down below, shooting out fireballs every time something, or someone, fell into it. I fell to my knees, shocked again by the sudden realization of the scale of the disaster that had occurred. I threw a rock over the edge of the part of the earth we were now on. To my amazement, instead of falling down, it followed the curve of our shard. This bewildered me, because this didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t align with my view of physics. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I slowly got to my senses by observing the world around me. I was laying on a grassy part, near what used to be the edge of the farm of the two elderly persons. I regained my focus from the smell of the burning farm. It was obvious from the size of the flames that the building would be a lost cause, but one side of the building didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be on fire yet. I entered it through a side-entrance and arrived in a room used to store some gardening tools, fertilizing material, as well as canned food. I first salvaged the canned food, and then checked the door towards the next room. After seeing the next room was mostly still clear of smoke, I went in. It was the living room. Skimming the room, I saw some bottles of water, and a photo-album. I decided to pick those up, but not to push my luck any further. I went back to the secondary kitchen area, and moved the gardening equipment outside as well. After this, I retreated to a safe distance.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Some things never change: even after such an event, publishers still care more about reading statistics, than they do about journalistic integrity. Thus, even as the entire world has changed shape, opinion pieces are still a thing.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Most people would probably be frightened at this point, preventing them from functioning altogether. For me however, the fear had made place for wonder. Since the farm couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t be saved, and everything that could be saved from there was saved, I started to walk around to observe my surroundings. I saw some rabbits running around, seemingly undisturbed by what had just happened. I wondered if perhaps being frightened by not knowing what\u8217\'92s going to happen is perhaps a more human thing. I decided they probably didn\u8217\'92t understood what had happened, and were just glad the earthquake was over. And, since the earthquake was over, from the perspective of the rabbits, everything had gone back to normal. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I met again with the elderly couple, and we sat down under a large, old oak tree, and started talking. They were called Martha and Jeffrey Conway. Jeffrey said they had lived at this farm for over thirty years. They had three children, who all grew up on the farm, which was now gone. They pointed at three of the trees that were standing near where the smoldering ruins of the house were. Martha explained that these trees were planted when each of their children was born. We all fell silent for a moment, thinking about the people we care about. I wondered where Charles was, and how he was coping. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 As the rest of the day passed, some of the damage of the Event started to become clear. Some radio stations had resumed their services, and we could therefore get some idea of what was going on. Almost every aspect of modern life had grinded to a halt. Electricity networks and waterworks had been severely disrupted, with most people no longer having access to power and water. Power was only available to the few places with either generators or solar panels, and only if they were lucky enough to survive the earthquakes. Water was even more scarce; only very few places didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t lose water all-together.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 We could see people on other shards, and waved at them. The nearest shard was a few hundred meters away, so, building a bridge should be possible. Crossing directly obviously wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t an option though.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 By shouting, we were able to communicate with the people at the shard next to us. It seemed they didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t suffer major injuries either, but were still quite shocked by the events that had unfolded. Their shard was bigger than ours, and contained a few houses, which were still partially intact. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 We heard a buzzing noise overhead, and our eyes turned to the sky. There was a plane flying overhead. It was steering around, trying to find somewhere to land, but most airports were no longer really an option to land on. You could see from it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92 s flying path that it was very much flying on manual. That made sense, because no autopilots were built for a world like that. It left our view, without a landing spot in sight. We hoped, and Martha prayed for their safety.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 A few hours later, we saw the first attempts of a government at sending aid. A helicopter flew overhead, and used speakers to ask us if we needed help. We waved, and he helicopter quickly flew off. After seeing we looked mostly all-right they must have decided other people needed the help more than we did. The day after that, nothing seemed to be happening. We spent our day listening to the radio, and, to save the battery of the radio, talking to each-other. Somewhere in the afternoon, we decided to start to look for materials to build a shelter. As we were doing this, we started to notice things were changing again. This time however, it was more gradual, and therefore also less destructive. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next weeks, we were supplied with food and water, so we were able to sustain ourselves. We managed to get the solar-panels on the barn working again, which gave us minimal electricity supply, enabling us to recharge our mobile phones. The mobile network still wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really functioning, but being able to listen to my favorite music again really helped me. I also started a diary at this point.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 It seemed the Event had destroyed quite a bit, but life still was possible, at least, in our country. I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even want to think about what must have been going on in the lesser developed parts of the world though.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Then, suddenly, after about a month, a government helicopter landed, and some officials greeted us. They talked about their plans for the future. Apparently, a governing body was starting to be formed, and every Shard would be represented in it. Even though our shard only had three people on it, we were still asked to send a representative to the council. The three of us quickly agreed that I would be the best one to go. I was asked if I minded to travel straight away, and I could think of no real reason not to go at that point. This seemed to be an opportunity to find out what was going on in the world, and to try to help rebuild society. As we flew through a more central location, I got a view of some different shards. Shards seemed to differ a lot in size, as well as what was on there. Some were parts of villages, where others were had only grassland on them. Some did not have anyone living on it, and instead only had parts of forests on there, or grassland. About half an hour later, we neared a group of connected shards. I was told this was the new political capital. My eyes opened wide, because I had never expected an area to have already been rebuilt that much. It seemed to be a connected mesh of shards, all filled with high rises, and buildings. All these things were connected by a network of bridges. From a distance, it looked like a spider web. The helicopter turned to move around some of the bridges, and landed on top of a huge beautiful building. We exited the helicopter and I was greeted by a friendly face. She introduced himself as Miss Walters, the chairwoman of the Council of Shards. From the way she did so, she seemed to be the kind of person not to get into a fight with. As the helicopter took off again, she explained that I just arrived at the Capital, and that I was chosen to represent the wishes of my Shard. The capital was merely called the Capital. It was a boring name, but at least it was clear. We passed the entrance doors and were in a hallway. The architecture of the building struck me with awe. On one hand, it looked like it was designed with thought and care. The hallway was tall, and had huge pillars. On the other hand, the pillars were made of a multitude of different materials. But, what amazed me most was the amount of light that was available here. Our shard didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t have any glass still standing, so we were forced to board up all the windows, but here, there were numerous windows. We went through a second set of doors, and were greeted by a small envoy of people. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Since this left such an impression, I still remember exactly how they were standing that day, because they all made an impression in their own way.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The first person to greet me was Thomas Jenkins, who introduced himself as the Council\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s scribe. He seemed to me like a kind and trustworthy person. He told me that most of my task was to assist in finding solutions to problems shared by people living on the shard. He argued that we, the people living there, may already have solved quite a few of the problems other people were still dealing with. So, my task would be to be a part of a creative think-tank, until it was figured out what task would be most suited for me. My most likely assignment would be journalism, but they weren\u8217\'92t a entirely sure. The task would probably fit me, but there\u8217\'92s only a certain demand for journalists. Since I wasn\u8217\'92t added to the Council because of skills, but rather, because my shard has a right to have one representative, I might not be the best person for such a job. I wondered what else my job could be though, if not journalist.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To the right of him was Anne Foreman. She was a strange one, because she sounded friendly, but there was something in her voice that made you feel uncomfortable, without knowing why. She would be the person showing me around here, until I was able to find my own way. The two others, Alex and Jillian, were new people, just like me, and also had assigned Anne as their guide.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Anne asked us if we were hungry; we all nodded affirmatively. We entered a mess hall. Here, we had a choice of food unheard of at my home. There were luxuries such as butter, and fresh bread. We filled our stomaches until we felt nauseous. After that, we were shown our quarters. We each had our own room. The room reminded me of my room during my year I spent at university. It was small, and minimally filled, but it felt cosy nevertheless. Also, it had proper central heating, and a window. The view of the window was quite spectacular, I had view over three of the bridges, as well as two other Shards. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I was asked if I had brought new clothes with me. When I answered I only took the minimal amount of required clothing with me, I was supplied with a bag filled with clothes. The luxury, however nice, made me feel very uneasy. The main thought racing through my head was that I had much more than the people living outside the capital. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I was shown the way to the showers, and after the first proper warm shower in a few months, I was ready to continue with the day. I joined the others again, and we were given a tour of the principal facilities. The first thing we visited was the archives. They were }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 location where most of the knowledge about the world was stored. This might sound like an odd choice, but the reason for this soon became clear. The archives contained the most complete database of people living on the Shards that was available. We were permitted to look up one name in the system, to see if they had already been found and registered. The system kept track of which people had been confirmed to be alive, and who had been confirmed to have died. Most people were still unknown though. My heart started to race, thinking of my boyfriend Charles. I asked them to look up if they had found him. They set out to work. This didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be a trivial task. Most computer systems had been destroyed by the event, because the breaking apart of the world had caused major power surges. Therefore, they needed to work with a makeshift computer-like system. It seemed to be made of parts of computers from before the Event, combined in ways that didn\u8217\'92t seem intentional. I was never good with computers though, so I wouldn\u8217\'92t really know.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 After a while they came back. They told me they hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t yet found him, but also didn\u8217\'92t have any record of him having died. This however didn\u8217\'92t mean that much, because most people were still missing. Still, I was painfully reminded of what I was missing. I wondered how he was doing, and if he missed me as much as I missed him.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I was too wrapped up in my thoughts to find out what the others had found out about their loved ones. After sitting there for a while, thinking of our loved ones, we moved to the office area. We were shown our workspaces, and were told that our first task would be to describe our Shard and what facilities it had. We were also asked to describe what troubles it currently faces, and has faced in the past. I described the barn, the burned down farm, the lake, as well as the inhabitants of the rock. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 After this task, we were given a presentation on the new government structure. We were explained that all old governments fell, because they no longer had the required resources to keep their organizations running. A helicopter hangar, located near what used to be London, still had some operational helicopters and had a fuel storage that hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t ruptured yet. From there, a scouting operation was started to figure out if there was a place suitable for rebuilding a capital. A group of shards was found, that used to be part of the city centre of Murkwell, and construction began. While work had started on building a new capital, people were starting to get shipped in to work on figuring out how to run a society that\u8217\'92s living across multiple shards, without much in the way of transportation. Philosophers, Lawmakers and Mathematicians were sought out throughout the shards near the location of the to-be-capital, and these people were shipped in to start working on a new structure of leadership. They quickly decided that some sort of representation would be needed, but that full democracy would not be feasible, because of logistical problems. Also, keeping everyone happy would have meant spending too many resources short-term, and not having the resources left to actually rebuild the world. Temporary inconvenience was deemed less bad than extinction. They also agreed that the first step should be to get to know where resources were needed. The main cause of death after the Event was starvation, and thus was deemed the main priority. This problem was two-fold. Farms weren\u8217\'92t able to produce effectively, because they lacked their materials. But, as importantly, the food produced wasn\u8217\'92t easily transportable.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Repopulating farms and supplying them with the needed materials was therefore put at priority one, next to scavenging for resources. This left some ethical discussions: would the council be permitted to confiscate food to feed people who would otherwise starve? There didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t as of yet exist a currency to meaningfully trade with, and, without support of people, the council couldn\u8217\'92t easily start one. Therefore, the council decided to get people from around the shards together, so the shards would feel more involved in the Council, and therefore believe in the power of said Council. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 We were told that the Council would soon introduce a monetary unit to enable trade, and so they can start buying up the things they need. I wondered how fair it was that the Council just basically got all the money, but I wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t sure enough about the concepts of economics to open my mouth, not wanting to sound stupid. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 After this explanation, we were told about the practical structure of the Council. It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s name is a misnomer, because it\u8217\'92s not really a Council as such, but more of an enclave, put together to plan the future of humanity, and to keep some cultural development active. It\u8217\'92s composed of lawmakers, architects, engineers musicians, journalists, writers, film producers, and quite a few other job titles you wouldn\u8217\'92t expect to exist in a post-apocalyptic world. The purpose of these people is to help improve the lives of everyone outside the Council. After placing us all in relevant teams, with me being placed in the journalist team, we went for dinner. Dinner was the next surprise, because, for the first time in an awfully long time, I had dinner in a proper restaurant. Although I really enjoyed this, my thoughts were with the people that had it less good than I have it. One of the people on the table seemed to have noticed. His name was Tom Winslow, and he was the editor for the newspaper I was assigned to work on. He asked me what I was thinking about; he must have seen that I was lost in thought. When I shrugged and didn\u8217\'92t answer, he told me \u8220\'93Everyone at the Council sometimes feels like this, but some luxury is needed to be able to work effectively.\u8221\'94. I heard him, and was a bit surprised that he just guessed what I was thinking about. I stayed silent. He continued: \u8220\'93If it helps you, realise that since the population of the Council is rather low, the actual burden caused by us living in some luxury isn\u8217\'92t that high.\u8221\'94 This gave me some rest, but it still didn\u8217\'92t totally feel good to live like this while the world was still only just holding together.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 My job at the newspaper involved talking to other parts of the Council, and writing down the progress they were making. My first day, I talked to a bridge designer. He had been working on a light-weight, easily constructible bridge-like system that could link shards up to a few hundred meters away from each other. This would enable connecting multiple shards together, increasing community sizes, and helping re-unite people that had not had contact with each-other for a long time. Since nearby shards had mostly been near each other on Earth, this would reconnect quite a few communities. The main challenges before this plan could be implemented were getting materials to where needed, and prioritizing construction. Two different link concepts were designed: a tower-like bridge, and a more spectacular design. The second concept used for linking shards was similar to something that had existed before the Event: a cable car system. The idea was to have a cable loop, with towers on two shards, and to put payloads on the cable, moving the cargo between them. The design was almost finished, but still needed to be reworked, keeping in mind the limited resources on the shards. I was explained that some resources were still scarce, and could only be used at critical places, such as the Capital.\line }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I wrote an article, in which I explained the designed system in great detail, including the improvements it would make on the lives of everyone. My writing was liked by my editor, and soon I was assigned bigger tasks. It became apparent that I was more suited for complex, philosophical topics, compared to lightweight stories about people meeting each other again. Some time later, I was assigned to shadow a group of scientists and philosophers and write an article on their work. They were trying to find out what the Entity was, and what it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s motivations were. There were two main conflicting theories. The first one was that it was in fact an organism, just made out of different material. The other theory was that it was nothing more than a sphere of energy, and that all it\u8217\'92s reactions had been coincidental. The second theory made most sense to the scientists, the first one generally made more sense to the philosophers. \line We first spent a few days to get to know each other and decide what we would want to set out to do. We were a group of five, two scientists, two philosophers and me, a journalist. The first scientist seemed to be a shy, but intelligent one. He wasn\u8217\'92t a person of many words, but it was clear that everything he said and did was well thought-out. The second scientist was more of the rock-star type of scientists. He knew a lot, and wanted to make that clear on almost every occasion possible. I didn\u8217\'92t like him that much as a person, but it seemed he was quite easy to co-operate with, because he was, at least, very open. The philosophers were more of an enigma. They seemed like they were friendly people, but they were hard to read, and their motivations were quite unclear to me. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Our plan was finished a few days later, and after obtaining the required budget, we set off. Our mission: placing observation beacons around the Entity, and observing it from nearby. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 We were airlifted by helicopter, and set off to first place some observation beacons on shards near the Entity. These shards seemed to be smaller than the ones nearer to the capital, and my home shard. After we did that, we were dropped off at a shard near the entity with some supplies and materials to build a shelter. After building such a shelter, we settled for the night. It took me some time to fall asleep, thinking of what we could find while being here. When I finally fell asleep, I dreamed the strangest dream I had had up to that point in my life. In the dream, I was hovering in the air, with a strange kind of mist around me. It was as though the mist was trying to communicate with me, but I couldn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really understand it. I asked it what it was. It didn\u8217\'92t answer in words, but it did change shape. I couldn\u8217\'92t understand what it was saying, but it was clear that it was trying to communicate. Thus, I continued by asking if it understood me. Somehow I knew from the shape-changes in the mist that it indeed understood me. Then I asked it if it was the Entity, but before I could receive an answer, I was awakened by a large bang. An heavy object had hit our shard, just next to our makeshift shelter. The sky had turned a lot more stormy, and we could see quite a few large objects flying around in the sky around us. This showed the risks of being this close to the Entity, but at this point, there was nothing we could really do about it. Our helicopter flight back would only be there in around two weeks, and we had no way to communicate with the Capital. I didn\u8217\'92t dream when I finally fell asleep again and woke up somewhat rested the next day.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I spent most of the day observing people, and helping them by holding small things. I wrote some notes into my notebook, but nothing noteworthy happened during the daytime. The next night, I fell asleep almost instantly. I had a similar dream to last night, but it seemed as though the mist became easier to interpret. It was as though it had found a way to talk to me. It had, and it said: \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You may wonder why I contacted you. I did so, because you seem to be a reasonable person\u8221\'94. The strange thing is, I didn\u8217\'92t hear it say this, but instead just knew that it had said this. I answered in confirmation: \u8220\'93I try to be. Who or what are you by the way? Are you .. The Entity?\u8221\'94. It seemed to understand my question, and answered: \u8220\'93I am a creature that\u8217\'92s not from this world. You humans have given me that name indeed.\u8221\'94. I asked it how it is that we\u8217\'92re communicating, and it replied that I wouldn\u8217\'92t understand. I thought: if you\u8217\'92 re so big, then why did you destroy this much. It answered the question I didn\u8217\'92t ask, by saying: \u8220\'93I needed to defend myself, and didn\u8217\'92t know what else to do. I had also underestimated my own powers in this world, because my own world is really  different from yours.\u8221\'94 It stayed continued: \u8220\'93Since that moment, I have tried to help out, ensuring humans can survive in what remains of their world.\u8221\'94. It seemed it wanted to change the subject, because it continued: \u8220\'93If you want to, you can be my ambassador. It seems told me you are the kind of person to actually want to give it a chance, where most other people seemed too preoccupied to be open to new concepts or ideas.\u8221\'94. I replied: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give it a chance, but I won\u8217\'92t guarantee I\u8217\'92ll keep doing it. If it feels wrong to continue, I will stop. I will put my own people first.\u8221\'94. It seemed to agree. I asked it: \u8220\'93By the way, do you have a name?\u8221\'94. It replied that it had one, but that it wasn\u8217\'92t possible to pronounce it, because it\u8217\'92s race doesn\u8217\'92t normally use sound to communicate. In it\u8217\'92s own world, it said, there are more effective ways to communicate besides sound. It told me it would know how to reach me when the time was right, and I woke up as it became light.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of that week passed in a flash. I wrote notes on the results of the scientists, and discussed the results with the philosophers, but there wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t that much to discuss. Yes, it was a sphere, condensed with high amounts of energy, but nothing more could be said. I of course did not mention the dreams to the others. I didn\u8217\'92t want to be viewed as a lunatic, not to be taken seriously. Thus, when we returned, the official report showed nothing of the only interesting thing that happened during our trip, but only showed limited measurement data. Still, our results were presented with a lot of spectacle. This bewildered me, because the results were barely even worth mentioning. We even got to present our results on television, where we were treated as though we had just solved world hunger. Actually, all we had done was proven that that giant sphere of energy indeed has quite some energy stored in it. By the way, television after the Event is not like it used to be; outside the Capital, newsreels are shown monthly, when the new supplies arrive. Radio communications were largely impossible because of the stormy nature of the air between Shards, as well as distances being bigger than they used to be.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line Three nights later, I had a strange dream again. The Entity told me it wanted me to collect information on a certain plan of the council. The council was planning the addition of some industry on shards near the Entity. The Entity wanted to know details, and reasons for it. In exchange, it said it would do a favor of similar size later. I didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t even care about that, because I was too intrigued in what such a being would want or need from me. I asked it why it would even be interested in this plan, it said it could potentially harm the Entity and, with it, all of humanity. I believed it, because I didn\u8217\'92t really see a reason for it to lie at this point. And besides, if it was actually evil, it could kill us all in a heartbeat. I set off to find information on the new industry project. Initially, I didn\u8217\'92t get much, because it wasn\u8217\'92t information on things I was supposed to be working on, so I wasn\u8217\'92t granted access to said information. However, I knew someone who could know, Derryl. He was one of the people who went with us on our expedition. After that, he was assigned to working on designing the new industry. I knew he wouldn\u8217\'92t tell me straight away, but decided to try to convince him to tell me. From the way he had been behaving on the expedition, I had a feeling he had fallen in love with me, and I decided that I could use that to my advantage. I didn\u8217\'92t do anything really amoral, but didn\u8217\'92t do anything to explicitly destroy his hopes. I would never see myself fall in love with him. It was quite easy to get close to him. I started by showing an interest in his work, and soon he started to trust me. After talking a few times, he agreed to talk to me about the project he was working on. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 He told me that the plans were to harvest energy directly from the Entity. Since it seemed to be composed of so much more energy than we could ever need, no objections were seen to this plan. The next time I had a strange dream, I relayed this information to the Entity. It reacted: \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s really bad. Even though you\u8217\'92re not taking much energy, it may well be too much. I\u8217\'92m already spending quite a bit of my energy on keeping the world from falling apart even further. Taking away more energy would endanger me, and therefore, you humans. Construction cannot be permitted to continue.\u8221\'94 I asked it what it wanted me to do. It told me it didn\u8217\'92t know, but the plan shouldn\u8217\'92t go through. \line \line I decided to write an article on the design of the new power plants. In the article, I mentioned that the technology behind them wasn\u8217\'92t entirely clear yet, but that we were working hard on figuring out how and why it was going to work. I wrote in my article that there was still some doubt on the precise technical workings on it, and that some people feared it may cause the Entity to get hurt, or otherwise unhappy. After publishing this article, I got an angry phone call from my publisher. He said that I went too far by writing this, and asked where I even got that information. I replied that my sources wished to remain anonymous, but that I did my best to give an honest and fair description of the situation at play. My publisher didn\u8217\'92t agree with me in the slightest, saying that articles like the one I wrote undermine the position of the Council as a whole. He continued that, since I didn\u8217\'92t mean to do so, it wouldn\u8217\'92t have consequences this time. I reacted, by saying I did base it on genuine research, so that I would want to continue my research on it. He looked at me in surprise, but answered that that would be fine, as long as I ran any results through him first. I agreed to that. So, I started looking into theoretical physicists, trying to find people who actually had a fact based opinion on the matter. I found out that very few theoretical physicists live in the Capital, probably because their direct use is quite low. A group of three was put in charge of researching the Event, and the Entity. I had already had contact with some of them when I followed them for their research. After some preliminary interviews, one of them stood out as the one I should interview more. Stephen Wardley was his name, and he had conflicting ideas about how the world currently worked. The others saw the Entity as a mere sphere of energy, abiding by the forces within our universe. He however, saw the Entity as an otherworldly being. He argued that the Entity was responsible for most of the changes to our world. And, he continued his reasoning, since it didn\u8217\'92t do much more after that, we could see that as a sign of it already being around the maximum of it\u8217\'92s abilities. This was similar to what the Entity had said to me. I didn\u8217\'92t share that insight with the scientist, not wanting to come off as crazy. I did reply that I thought that could well be possible. I said that theory at least explained the change of the rules of the world. \line I asked him about his opinion on the idea of getting energy out of the Entity. He got pale, and said he wouldn\u8217\'92t want to give further comment. I asked, off the record, why he wouldn\u8217\'92t want to answer that question. He answered, after some thought, that he didn\u8217\'92t want to lose his position as a scientist. I asked him if there was something he could say or do that would push forward my investigation, without compromising his position. He thought for a moment, and continued by saying there is an archive of measurement data, which can be interesting to look through. It contains notes from scientists, but these are not named, so they are anonymous. He winked as he said the word anonymous. After that, he said he thought it was best if I started with reading the notes on one specific set of measurements. I read through these measurements, and found scribbles next to some of the measurements. It was noted that the measurements showed values far outside the expected spectrum. It also showed that there seemed to be patterns within the measurements that couldn\u8217\'92t be explained using the rules that had been defined for the behavior of the Entity. Instead, it seemed to behave in a way that seemed \u8216\'91intelligent\u8217\'92. I smiled when reading this, because this is something I had known, ever since my dreams had started. I noted down my findings, and asked him to write a note, verifying my findings. Even though he didn\u8217\'92t want his name to be involved with this, he did agree to put his name next to the fact that *some* scientist observed this. I took this evidence to my editor, who was surprised by it. He said that this could change the way we think about the entity. He said that, before continuing, I should talk to people above me in the scheme of things. I agreed to this, and he set up a meeting. I was scheduled to meet Miss Walters. My appointment was put through almost straight away, and I could meet her the same day still. Her ruthless attitude had more than once lead to results no-one else was able to achieve. Being asked to meet her made me feel anxious, because I wondered what it is that she could have wanted from me. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To lower my stress, I spent the hours before the meeting meditating in the park in the middle of the Capital. It had always been one of my favorite spots to calm down. It had everything you could want from a park: ancient trees, nice patches of grass, water features, and an abundance of birds and butterflies. The hours went by quickly, and I headed to Miss Walters\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92 office. It was in the main government building, on one of the top floors. When I got there, I was immediately let into her office; I didn\u8217\'92t even have to wait a minute. In front of me was a woman who didn\u8217\'92t seem to be afraid of anything. She introduced herself by saying her name was Miss Walters. I introduced myself simply as Violet. She showed a faint smile as I did so, and started the conversation by asking me what it was that I found. I told her I found out that there is at least one scientist that thinks that the Entity in the middle of our world is actually a being. She looked at me with mild surprise. I continued, saying that, if that\u8217\'92s true, then producing energy based on it means hurting it. She told me that she understood it, and asked me what I thought about it. I looked surprised, because I didn\u8217\'92t think I would be asked of my opinion. I answered that I knew that, at the very least, this scientist thought this was true. So, I argued, it would pay off to ask this scientist to come forward, and talk. I continued, saying I didn\u8217\'92t think we should rule the idea as being impossible before having researched it. The world had changed so much that the existence of such a being wouldn\u8217\'92t surprise me anymore. Miss Walters looked at me, and said she agreed with me, and thanked me for my openness. She said that it was rare for people to be honest and open about their opinions in her vicinity, because people feared her. I replied that I didn\u8217\'92t fear her, because, since I tried to help in the best way I could, I saw no reason for me to be afraid of her. I told her she didn\u8217\'92t strike me as the kind of person that punishes for no reason. She laughed, and said she at least tried to be a fair person. We continued talking amicably for a while, and then got back to the point. She told me that she was grateful for me not giving up on my point, and continuing working. However, she continued, for now, I would have to let this go. She would take care of others researching this properly. I sighed, but promised to indeed do so.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next few months, the quality of life in the world gradually improved, especially on the Shards near the Capital. Transportation links were constructed at a steady pace. After being connected, the quality of life improved drastically on these Shards. Food and water supplies increased in quality, and, in some places, Schools were built. For the first time since the Event, people started to feel optimistic for the future. Then, the slow but steady growth was interrupted by a terrible event.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I remember reading of it on the news. Terrorists had attacked a school, killing dozens of children. The attack was quickly claimed by an organization called }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice of Reason, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 an organization, which, till that point, was mostly involved in small-scale demonstrations and spreading of rebellious writings. The news hit like a brick, and not merely because of the terrible act that was committed. The idea that some people would set out to want to destroy the world that was just starting to be rebuilt was beyond me.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 However, it got even more interesting after the attack. Even though there was compelling evidence available that the leaders of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 coordinated the attack, there were people within }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 that claimed they weren\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t the ones responsible for these acts. This felt like an obvious way to peddle back on a mistake to me, and it only angered me even more. The anger turned to hatred. I wanted this group gone, and the people in it destroyed.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I asked for a task in the team around the research into this group. After some discussion, I was permitted in it. We spent months researching their behavior, and their actions, but we kept catching nothing. It was as though they were two separated groups. We brought this up once during a meeting, but were told by superiors that they had high-quality evidence suggesting otherwise. The evidence however was not important for this case otherwise, so the data wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t shared with us. Although this may sound strange to you, this was normal procedure, to prevent multiple people from doing the same work. Our project on finding them had become unneeded however after a while, because they had turned themselves in. We were told that some coercion was used to get them to go here, but not much more was told us. \line I was asked to meet with miss Walters, and that it was important. When I entered however, I was greeted by a kind and welcoming voice. She told me not to feel stressed, because this wasn\u8217\'92t because something was wrong. Rather, she had a task which she thought I would be the right person for. She told me she had managed to catch the leaders of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  She said that they were unwilling to cooperate. She told me that this needed to change. A solution was already found, and I was needed in the execution of it. We were going to interview him for television, to try and change his opinion on the Council, on television.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line I told her I would be interested in this task. I was told I would be prepped this afternoon, and that the first interview would start tomorrow. I prepared by writing down questions, and practicing sentences.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 I remember the stress I had for the first interview. I would be talking to one of the world\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s biggest criminals, on live television. I wondered why he would even be given this chance. Something in me said even he should deserve a fair treatment, but I found that a hard thought to hold on to. Still, I would do my very best to make this set of interviews as insightful as possible.}}