{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DroidSerif-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DroidSerif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DroidSerif-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \line For some people, being free is a convenience, traded in as a commodity when other things are more important. For me, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the thing that defines me. In the old world, being unfree was just a fact of life. You had a job, a government, laws to abide by, and numerous other things that forced you to be something you weren\u8217\'92t. It was as though we had built a world specifically designed to make us all feel miserable. The new world seemed to me like a good moment for change.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Oh, my name is William Fords by the way. You might already have heard of me, but don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t believe all that you\u8217\'92ve been told. Like with everything, there\u8217\'92 s a lot of nuance to this story. Since my story is nearing it\u8217\'92s end, I think I\u8217\'92m entitled to try and explain some of the things that have happened in my life, and to repair my name.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line Before the event I was a doctor, and had my own small practice. It perhaps wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t the most spectacular work; I was `only` a GP. However,  for me, the choice between being my own boss and being a more glamorous doctor was obvious. It had never even been a question if I was going to work as my own boss, I had always known that was the way for me to go. The thought of having someone else tell me what to do had never struck me as something I could put up with.\line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I had always hated that others would trade in their personal freedom for convenience, or security. I viewed it as one of the main reasons for the raging depression and general unhappiness in the civilized world. The event seemed to me like a good moment to enable others to have this freedom. It would give the world a soft reset, and therefore enable people to rethink of decisions they had previously made.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line The event had split about half of the village I lived in onto one shard. Therefore, I lived with around a hundred people on a Shard. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 In the beginning after the event everything seemed to be all-right in this aspect. It seemed that people were doing what they wanted, and everyone seemed to generally be better off than before. Sure, there was hunger, there was thirst, and basic facilities were scarce. However, people had, for the first time in centuries, time for their families and for their hobbies. It seemed that, in general, people got a lot more time for themselves. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 About six months after the Event, we were first greeted by Council officials. Most people on our shard seemed to welcome them with open arms, especially after they announced they were starting to design a bridge-system to connect shards. They also permitted people to send letters to nearby shards, which were delivered by helicopter. I myself however, wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t too impressed. Sure, they had managed to get helicopters up and running again, but that hardly seemed like a way to qualify as being an official to me. Besides, I think I wouldn\u8217\'92t be liked there anyway. Therefore, I decided that this would not be the time to start my fight for change. So, instead, I sighed, and awaited the right time. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line For a while, it seemed the Council was actually doing a good job. Perhaps I had been wrong to be instantly distrusting. We were getting supplies of increasing quality, and were told the bridge design was making good progress. They started construction some time later, and in almost no time, a bridge was finished to the shard next to ours. The technical amazement didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even end there. On that shard, they started the construction of a transportation station. It was obviously based in design on a base-tower of a cable-car system. A long, continuous cable was laid between our neighboring shard, and the nearest inhabited shard next to it. The building itself was built to look stunning. It had white walls, a giant entrance gate, and halls that looked like they were part of a 19th century railway station, instead of the halls that would be built by a society that lived in the ruins of a world that once was. It was obviously made to show off the technical capabilities of the Council. But, we could hardly complain, since they were rebuilding so much of our world. And besides, who dislikes a beautiful building. Besides, it\u8217\'92s not like you can eat rocks, anyway. After it was finished, we were given a tour through the facilities, to show the way it worked, and what would become possible with it. From the entrance, first you moved through the ticketing area. This contained a few ticket offices, and a ticket barrier where the tickets could be checked. From there, you entered the main waiting room. This room had comfortable chairs, proper lighting, and an observation deck, giving a nice overview of the town. It also had a bar, which served luxurious food and drinks. We were explained that transport would be very expensive, since the system has really limited capacity. They said they were working on a variation with higher capacity, but that would require higher power usage, and more complicated technology. Thus, that technology was still far away. After that, we were showed the departure area. \line  It had two platforms, one for each side of the circular cable. Cars can be coupled and decoupled to the cable. If no car is added, a counterweight can be added instead. It also had a separate entrance for cargo loading and unloading. Finally, we were showed a passenger vehicle. It was of quite simple design, having a few seats, a toilet, and a bit of stowage for luggage and supplies for during the trip. I think we were all thinking of how amazing it would be to travel on one of these pods. \line When it opened, however, it wasn\u8217\'92t taken in service for regular passengers . This was blamed on the fact that the capacity was still quite limited, especially for passengers. What made matters worse was that only one passenger cabin was available on the route. Since the speed of the system was limited by the fact that it had to overcome gravity, a single trip on the system would take at least eight hours. Therefore, only people with a good reason were permitted to travel on the system. The system w\u225\'E1s put to good use for cargo and mail though, although the usage was still not fully opened up. Instead, the Council decided what cargo would be permitted on-board of the system, based on what was important in other parts of the world. This seems sensible, when you think about it, because the system\u8217\'92s capacity is really limited, meaning only cargo should be transported that has merit at the other end of the line.\line However, a few months later, it started to change. The Council kept asking us if we had people of certain qualifications. At first the Council wanted opinionated people, to help shape the concepts that would hold the new world together. Later, they wanted specialists, such as architects, engineers, and other types of specializations that would not have much merit on the shards themselves. These people left using the cable car, and were never seen again. We received messages from them, telling us that they were doing fine, but still, none of them returned. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I know this sounds harsh to say about a group of people that quickly rebuilt society, and saved many people in the process, but the fact that they stepped in this quickly and rigorously meant that nobody even had the time to think about how they would want the world to be. They were simply presented with a new government; a new upper class. And like the sheep most people are, they complied without even thinking about it.\line \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 As time progressed and the world started to take a new shape, we learned more about the outcome of the Event. It became clear however, that most people hadn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t made it. Estimates were that, in our region, about 10% of all people had died during the disaster. This number is quite low, mostly caused by high quality architecture and a general lack of geographical instability. \line The real shock however was that, after the disaster, more than half of all people had died from starvation. Most shards simply didn\u8217\'92t have food supplies available, and there was no transport.  So, for months, most people were without access to food supply, which of course wasn\u8217\'92t possible. Nobody in the world before the Event had kept the possibility of the Event, or something similar to it, in mind. The Council promised improvement over the next period, and it seemed that, after the introduction of the cable car, no food shortages occurred anymore. So, at least, from that point on, our lives stabilized, and the fight for food was over.\line Over the years after that, it became clearer and clearer that the new powers-that-are had just as little interest in personal freedom and democracy as the ones before the Event. It was obvious that no lessons were learned, and the opportunity was not taken to build a nicer world to live in. Even worse, even the limited transparency of the world before the Event was totally lost, because the new Council had none of the control methods that the previous governments had. There were no laws giving citizens insight into the decisions of the government, or public information. There were no elections, no political parties. The law itself wasn\u8217\'92t even fully available. Instead, as the Council put it, the law was based on common sense, so if you followed that, you should be safe. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line During these years, I had gathered a small group of friends around me, and they were convinced of my cause. We had bonded through sports, and later through philosophy. We were a group of four : A, B, Maggie .., and myself. We started out as just a philosophy group, but it turned into more later. As time progressed, the council seemed to become more and more stringent about their rules. It seemed they got more and more concerned with keeping their own position, and less concerned with the lives of the people not living in the capital. Freedom of speech got abolished at some point, because criticism of the Council could lead to the destruction of humanity as a whole. They were, of course, the only thing keeping us all from falling into the abyss. The four of us heavily disagreed with this point of view, and started plotting a way to protest. We planned carefully and worked anonymously, dropping off leaflets, and other similar strategies. After a while however, Maggie got sloppy. He had released a publication under his own name, openly criticism the Council\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s decision to prohibit public rallys. Three days later, a helicopter, because the Council wanted to speak to him. He was never heard of after; it was as though he had never existed. These events changed something in our group. It showed to all of us that we weren\u8217\'92t just a group of people with an interest in philosophy. We were a group of people that wanted things to change in the world. And of course, the powers-that-are didn\u8217\'92t want that. We decided that, even though we lost one of our friends to the government, we wanted to continue. We wanted to move forward. Therefore, we wanted to become a political group. We decided to call ourselves }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice of Reason, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 or }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . Before the Event we would have been a political party, but this wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t an option. Our first goal was to figure out what the current structure of power was. This turned out to be more difficult than anticipated. It seemed that great care was taken to prevent people from knowing too much of the council, and how it works. Yes, we were \u8216\'91represented\u8217\'92 by our own representatives, but we had no way to know what they were actually working on there. At this point, we also weren\u8217\'92t sure if they were actually evil, or merely strict, because they wanted to keep the world turning. Well, that\u8217\'92s a figure of speech that no longer applies, but still. We therefore decided to give them the benefit of the doubt, and to wait and see what happens. However, when no meaningful information was shared from the council to our shard for around a year, we decided it was enough. We started to spread leaflets, telling people about how little we knew about the Council. For a while, this was met with limited to no reaction, but slowly we started to get noticed by people. Our points started to be taken more seriously. The Council must have noticed at some point, because we were invited for a conversation with one of their representatives. We were given assurance that we wouldn\u8217\'92t be harmed, and decided to trust that. We met at a small pub, in a private back-room. The person who met us was Maggie, the former member of our group, that got arrested by the Council earlier. She had become a member of the council responsible for maintaining political support. She told us that our views had become known in the Capital, and wanted to explain why they did not align with reality. She explained that the world currently lacked resources to work as a full democracy, but that some higher-class people are needed to improve the world for everyone. That\u8217\'92s why the capital exists, and that\u8217\'92s also why people outside the capital have no say over what happens there. Simply put, it\u8217\'92s the view of the Capital that it\u8217\'92s in the best interest of everyone to live in comparative poverty and allow the Capital to exist. Giving people a right to vote on that, or generally know that would cause unrest, which would lead to further harm to everyone. Although we listened kindly, it became obvious that she was indoctrinated there, because her views were obviously flawed. The discussion continued for a while, but all that seemed to happen was that both parties got increasingly agitated and annoyed at the, to them, obvious incorrectness of the statements of the other party.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line When our group had grown enough, we decided we wanted to travel around, and talk to people on other Shards. The cable-train system had just been extended to a shard near ours. Thus, after we got off of our shard, we would be able to travel around comparatively easily. The other shard was only a few hundred meters away, and a bridge existed to head to it. It was quite a climb, because, as though it looked like a normal bridge, it was actually more like a tower. At the halfway point the gravity fields shifted, and from that point on it was down the stairs. \line When we got there, we found out passenger service was still limited to need-to-use-basis. There were no options to buy tickets, not even for high fees. Council officials needed to approve of your travel, and we would never get that approval. We didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get sent back just because of that though. In the end, we found a deceptively simple plan. We would act as though we got stolen from, and our documents got stolen. We were looked at weirdly, but, since there was no way for them to verify documents, and verifying this with a central authority would have been complicated, we were allowed on board, but only for one single hop. We entered the departure building, which wasn\u8217\'92t much more than two elevator doors, one per cable. After a long wait, the doors opened, and we were permitted into the vehicle. It was very similar to cable-cars as used in mountainous regions on earth. However, it had air-seals on it\u8217\'92s windows, because some of it\u8217\'92s route has no significant atmosphere outside. The doors closed, and we were off. The ground underneath us got smaller and smaller, as we moved through the space between the shards. For the first time since the Events, we were traveling a significant distance. The journey was slow, and shaky, but it was incredible. As we neared the middle of our route, gravity started to shift. It started to decrease noticeably. We all started to float through our cabin, and started to stare at the Entity, which had taken up the spot of where the Earth\u8217\'92s core used to be. In this silence, we had time to think. I thought about how much we still needed to do to get anywhere. I smiled in determination at the thought of this. Here, in our isolation, it seemed we could change the world.\line Four hours later, we arrived at our destination. We walked around first, observing the area. It looked like it was a part of a small city, but with a lot of things destroyed. It looked like it had been repaired with more love than materials. We looked for a place to get food, and found a small bakery. They looked at us as though they had seen a ghost. We explained that we had traveled here. We were asked why we were permitted to travel, and we answered that that was a secret. They looked at us with faces of doubt, but didn\u8217\'92t ask further questions. After we paid, we continued our walk through town. We saw that it had somewhat restored itself, and economy was somewhat working. The cable-cars must have brought in some of the required food and materials. However, as we started to talk to people producing things, we noticed a recurring theme. The Council had a monopoly on transportation, and abused that to demand low prices, with local industry barely making a profit at all. For all intents and purposes, it was slavery, since people weren\u8217\'92t permitted to travel, and weren\u8217\'92t able to change what they were working on.\line We talked to more people, until we had a good image of what was going on in this town. Then, we started spreading our message, which mostly was about personal freedom, and the idea that a government should be answerable about the things it\u8217\'92s doing. People seemed to be mostly welcoming to our ideas, and cheered to us. They asked us what we were planning to do with these ideas. We told them we didn\u8217\'92t know yet, but we wanted at the very least to force the transportation system to become more open to trade, and transport. We talked to workers of the cable cars, and they agreed to letting us use the messages they use to transfer information on the workings of the system. Basically, every car on the system has a small container used to put working hours in, as well as planned disruptions. The backside of the documents were not used for normal payload, and therefore they were used mostly for personal information and jokes. We asked them if they minded us taking half of that space to build a cross-shard messaging system. They told us they didn\u8217\'92t mind, as long as they could also sometimes use it. We set to work on a simple protocol of a communications network. For this we needed two main things: a design for the messages, and a layout of the entire network. The latter was easily available, by reading the newspaper archive, since the Council announced every new connection with pride. The former was finished a few days later. Simply put, the first line contained the destination station, and person, and the rest of the document was kept as payload. The stations along the line would have maps of the network at their stations. The design of the system was propagated through the network in the next couple of days, and after that we had a working network. We used this network to spread information on trade opportunities, as well as politically charged speeches. For quite some time, this system worked unnoticed. A few weeks later, a strange message arrived at our station. It was addressed as: to all stations, to the leaders. It was given to me personally. I opened it. It was a message from the Council, which had figured out our system. Someone must have snitched about it\u8217\'92s existence. We were told to stop our little rebellion, and get back in line. If we did that, nothing would happen. Otherwise, they would start arresting everyone who had assisted in this secret system. We decided to stop using the system, and look for an alternative. We did not however disband our organization. We decided that if the Council acted upon their threat, it would be blood on their hands, not on ours. Besides, we didn\u8217\'92t see them actually make good on that threat. Even though we stopped our communications system, we continued all our other activities. We talked to people, and tried to convince them of the importance our mission. The messaging system had already done it\u8217\'92s job and our message had been spread. It seemed nothing could stop us anymore.\line Then, as we were walking cross town, someone slipped an envelope into my hands. It contained a letter, and a set of photographs. The letter explained that we had failed to us that we had failed to turn ourselves in, and therefore, the people who helped us had been punished. It showed pictures of people from our shard, our friends, being rounded up. The pictures got increasingly gruesome as we looked further into the pile of pictures. Further into the pictures it showed our homes, on fire. The last image of the set shocked us all. It showed the execution of six friends of ours. When we looked at that image, we fell silent, first in grief, and later in anger. The thought of others having to suffer because of our fight struck us as unfair. However, we concluded that this wasn\u8217\'92t our fault.We didn\u8217\'92t decide to punish us through the hurting of other, the Council had decided to do that. \line The next day, we held a ceremony for our lost friends. We stood in silence around a fire we made to commemorate them. After that, we continued our efforts. We decided not to let their deaths be in vain. The actions of the council made us realize how badly a revolution would be needed. We decided to double down on our efforts. However, we agreed that violence would not be the solution, since that would invalidate our mission as a whole.\line This act of violence split our community. Part of it got too scared, and left. The rest only got more invested in our case, because they had now seen the importance of it. With our efforts increased, we managed to become quite famous. We managed to again set up a transportation system. This time, we used the transportation of coffee packages as a medium. This was easier to manage, since there were fewer people involved in it. We had already established a dictionary of codewords in the era of our previous system, and used this to verify which shards had people there that we could trust. Besides, the new system no longer was traceable, meaning it was no longer clear who was involved in the production and propagation of messages. More and more people started to see our effort, and supported us. We were planning to slowly extend our activities, and try to actually get actively involved in the politics of the Capital. We thought we would have to be given a spot there, because of the size of our movement.\line About a month later though, everything changed in a single moment. Terrorists had attacked a school in a big town, killing quite a few children there. Everyone was disgusted by this news, including our organization. We believed in change, but we didn\u8217\'92t believe in violence. The newspapers, however, claimed our organization was behind the attacks. At that time, we weren\u8217\'92t sure if a member of our group had broken our rules, or if we were actually being framed. Although we vigorously defended defended ourselves, it lead to us being viewed as a horrible attack, instantly losing us the goodwill we long spent to collect. Our name had become connected to violence, rather than friendly political critique. Most of our active members left, leaving only the core of the group, and the people who thought violence could be a valid solution. \line From here on it went downhill quickly. Our group members got harassed in the streets, and any attempt of them to defend themselves spread as more signs of violence being used. We lost almost all of the support we had managed to get behind us. This, among other things, meant we could no longer send out messages. Therefore, we no longer had a means to spread our arguments.\line To make things worse, news came in that a person was arrested, who claimed to be involved in our movement. Intriguingly, I had never heard of him. To be fair, we tried to work in cells, to prevent a single Council spy to be able to destroy our entire movement. Thus, he could very well be right about having been a part of our movement. Although he claimed that our organization was planning on the destruction of the Council, and the world it had built, we still hadn\u8217\'92t found find any evidence of our involvement. We thought it to be unlikely that people would be involved with us if they wanted that, because this was against our main goals and beliefs. However, a single rogue cell could easily become a terrorist organization. Therefore, we decided to change our organization. We decided to shrink to a smaller group of people, with only people in there that I personally trusted. After that, we stepped up our game. We still condemned violence, but were no longer opposed to more disruptive demonstrations. We started with a sit-in at a central square in of the bigger towns outside the capital. We simply sat there with a big group, and afterwards we spread leaflets with information. We decided to only do this for a limited amount of time, in order to be gone again before we could be taken in. Even though we were perceived as a public enemy, the government was still spread too thin to really actively fight us. This is of course the advantage of the underdog, you can hide anywhere. So we did, we hid, and we promoted. We didn\u8217\'92t really use our brand anymore, because it was destroyed quite effectively. Instead, we just told people stories, and got them to think. \line A couple of months later, things started to go wrong. Suddenly, leaflets were spread by the government, about a price being put on information on the whereabouts of some people. It stated that you would get rewarded hugely for it, and if you choose not to share information you had, you would be punished for it. The list of persons contained most of the important persons within our group. It also explicitly stated that if we turned ourselves in, we the rest of our group would be spared. If not, then we would all be considered enemies of the state. Luckily, no images were available of us, so we still had some time to come up with a reaction of our own.\line We debated it, and decided to not take the obvious options given, but instead take a third option. We were planning to head to the Capital in disguise, and try to talk reason into the people there. We were perfectly aware that this would be our final act, but we were willing to risk it. We wanted the people there to know what the people outside the capital were thinking. We had already made plans to enter the Capital beforehand, because the idea of the government finding out about us, and us needing to step up our game had always been in the back of our minds. In principle, the Capital isn\u8217\'92t even hard to reach. You just have to travel to one of the four Cable Car stations with connections to the Capital, and take a Car from there. Of course, you do still need the required paperwork. The real challenge is obtaining that paperwork. We had one last drink with our friends, in which we made the rest promise to continue our efforts after we had gone. }{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Section? }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We then arranged with one of our contacts to get passes for the special Cable Car towards the Council. We then silently entered the station. Our tickets were checked, as were the additional documents we required. After some cross-verification, we were let through into the main waiting area. We already thought the other cable car stations were needlessly luxurious, but compared to this one, the other ones were mere bus stops. The hall was at least fifteen meters tall, and had pillars made of marble. Or at least, they were made of something that looked like marble. It had chandeliers hanging from the roof, with numerous electric lights. The temperature was kept under control by an air conditioning system. We sat down on a set of armchairs. We were greeted by a friendly lady, who asked us what we wanted to drink. When we looked weirdly, she exclaimed that drinks were included here, as long as we didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t go overboard. I asked for a glass of water, the others went with beer. I wanted to stay sharp, because I wanted to think on the journey that was ahead of us. Time passed quickly as we enjoyed our drinks in this marvelous waiting area. Still, after about an hour, I got bored, so I decided to walk around through the waiting area, to see how much it had. It seemed to be designed with appearance at higher priority than practical comfort. Most chairs seemed to be designed with photographs at higher priority than the comfort of sitting in them. In one corner, I found something that bewildered me most of all. I found an old arcade machine. To me, this felt like the ultimate luxury. Computers had basically gone after the Event, because, during the aftershocks of the Event, Electromagnetic Pulses went through the atmosphere, killing most electronics. This also killed all radio-based communications. Even now, far after the Event, there\u8217\'92s a weird random electromagnetic field, making most electric communications impossible . Thus, finding a computer that is solely in use for games seemed like ultimate luxury to me. The game I could play on it seemed to be from before the Event, because it was a racing game. The concept of a car had become obsolete after the Event, because the shards were too small to have use for personal transportation on them. Bikes were still popular, but anything else had basically disappeared. Cars were only used for fire brigades, and trains were only still in use in some mines. Basically, the only type of transportation that hadn\u8217\'92t suffered from the Event was the cable car. \line After losing two hours playing the game, one of my friends joined me, telling it was just about time for boarding. I sighed, and shut down the arcade machine. We went towards the boarding area, where we were met by some friendly people. After waiting a few minutes for the boarding to start, we were let onto the marble staircase towards the entrance to the vehicle. We had a second class ticket, which meant a four-person compartment within the vehicle. The compartment wasn\u8217\'92t big, basically consisting of four tiny bunk beds and a tiny area in the middle. The area in the middle was only there so we could enter and leave our beds. Still, it was nice to have a separated area within the vehicle. This allowed us to relax. After we settled in for the twelve hour long flight, we talked for a bit, and then relaxed, while looking out of the window. We saw the nebula\u8217\'92s of the space between the shards, probably for our last time. We saw different shards pass by, and wondered who was living there. We wondered if they had a happy life.\line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 At this moment, you may wonder why I decided to go. I get your feeling, because, at this point, this basically became a suicide mission. I became a martyr of a movement that no longer had much backing. Truth is, to me, this felt like my last stand, my last stand to prove my right. If not to the world, then, at the very least, to myself.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line We woke up about an hour before arrival. The capital was just getting in sight as our breakfast got served. We drank coffee while gazing upon the Capital. It seemed our ideas about the luxury of the Capital weren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t hyperboles, but that it was actually that rich. We saw multiple high buildings, full of glass windows. When we got closer, we saw that the capital was interconnected by an intricate network of bridges. These bridges all looked amazing individually, and as a mesh, it looked almost like a network of synapses. It surely felt like this was the high-point of society. More details became visible over time. We saw people, everywhere. People were walking around, eating, dancing, working, and generally, living. This place looked like the world from before the Event. We were told to prepare for disembarkation. We washed and clothed ourselves, and headed for the exit doors. A few minutes later, we arrived at the Capital. The building on this side was of similar glamour of the one we had departed from; perhaps even more beautiful. It had four different lines coming from it, and had two giant waiting rooms. We didn\u8217\'92t have to go to them, because this was our arrival station, but it still gave us chills just to gaze on them. We gazed on the platform where we just arrived one last time, and exited the terminal. I was humoured by the fact that we, perceived public enemy number one, were just walking through the Capital without anyone even noticing us. We enjoyed our walk through the capital, looking at all the highlights of the Capital. After that, we looked for a point of interest to start a speech. We found one at a main square. Here we set up our simple speaker system, and placed a soapbox for me to stand on. People\u8217\'92s eyes turned to us, because it became obvious we were not from around here. Someone shouted that we were terrorists, and everyone went silent. They all seemed struck with terror, as though they saw their lives flash before them. As we started our speech, you could see people get more relaxed by the second. They expected to have met their maker by this point, and instead, they were greeted by a political speech. I took a deep breath, and started my speech. The people around me all turned to watch me talk.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \line I had the entire speech preprepared, and written out. I naturally didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need the written-out version, but nevertheless it was a nice thing to have with me. For your interest, here is a copy of the speech:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ~~~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Dear citizens of our beloved Capital, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We, the Voice of Reason, have come here to tell you our story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We are a group of people, who wanted a better world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We wanted freedom and transparency,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 And prosperity for everyone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 But, as we tried to talk about this view,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We were met with hostility, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Our name name was crushed,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We never answered the violence subjected to us,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 we never got angry when crimes were committed in our name,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 we never even reacted when our friends were killed,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 when you all killed our friends}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 However, now it has to come to an end.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We will no longer fight you,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We have given up}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ~~~\line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The crowd stayed silent. There was no applause, but also no boo-ing. All we could hear was the sound of birds chirping, other than that, pure silence. It was as though the people on the market had just frozen in place, either out of fear or surprise. After a moment, it became clear that my speech hadn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t made any impact, because everyone just switched back to doing what they were doing. Then, four policemen turned up out of nowhere, and asked us to come with them. We didn\u8217\'92t put up a fight, but silently followed.\line We were taken into a back-alley, and there a police vehicle waited for us. We entered silently, and took a short drive to a huge building. It seemed ominous and somehow really uninviting. We entered through a set of side-doors, and walked into a long, and tall corridor. It was lit only by indirect light from the ceiling, making it feel quite dark and moody. It felt reflective of the foreseen future. We were taken into separate rooms. When I entered the room where I was taken, I saw that it was a cell of sorts. I was quite surprised at the level of comfort; it was higher than anywhere I had lived since the Event. I had a proper mattress, electric lights, a water tap (with hot water!), and even a radio and television. The room even had a proper glass window, albeit with metal bars, to prevent escape.  I laid down on the bed, and tried to rest for a moment. However, not even ten minutes later, someone came in. \line She seemed like the type to be a high-up person. I always felt that woman at the top almost always have the same stereotypical appearance and behavior, and she exactly fit that. She introduced herself as Miss Walters, head of political affairs. She told me that I had made a wise decision by coming here, because this had saves us both a lot of grief. There was a strange, unfriendly smile on her face. It seemed as though she was enjoying this moment. I decided it was probably best to remain silent. She paused for a moment, as though she was expecting me to interrupt, but I didn\u8217\'92t answer. She continued: \u8220\'93You know, you could have had a wonderful life here. Someone with your ideas and with your strength of reasoning would have been a great asset. You could have helped create great things. But no, you had to play revolutionary. Do you really not see it? We have rebuilt part of this world, and we will rebuilt the rest of it as well. While you guys were bickering about freedom and civil rights, we designed the future. In a couple of decades, we will have built a new society, better than any society before that. And, at that time, would have been the right moment to even start thinking about civil rights.\u8221\'94. I asked if she believed what she was saying, or that she was just telling me the same propaganda they also told everyone else. She replied: \u8220\'93Of course I believe in this idea, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 made}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  this idea a thing. Besides that, you should really just look at the results. Barely anyone is dieing of starvation anymore, and we are slowly rebuilding communities. The world is starting to move forward again, and people are starting to have hope for a future again. We\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re working on solving every major crisis in the world. We built the basis for a transportation network, meaning people can transport goods around our land. Therefore, people no longer die of starvation, or of the lack of medicine. We\u8217\'92re also working on putting in place an education system, meaning children can learn again. Besides that, we\u8217\'92re working on a power network. So, again, we have been too busy working to think about smaller things.\u8221\'94. I sighed and replied: \u8220\'93What did you expect us to do though, wait, and allow you all to get wealthier every day, on our backs? \u8221\'94. She smiled back and said: \u8220\'93Is that really how you think about us? Pity. I hoped we could still come to an understanding. But if it has to be like this, then there\u8217\'92s no point in continuing. Your trial will start tomorrow.\u8221\'94. She waited for a few seconds, as though awaiting a response. But I had never been the kind of person to give in to threats, and this wasn\u8217\'92t the moment to rethink my character traits. Then, she left, closing the door behind her.\line I was alone again. I this time had time to properly observe my surroundings. The room was actually quite minimally constructed, with nothing in it making it feel homely. It seemed it had been built by ticking off the boxes with respect to comfort, but without any consideration for the comfort of the person living in it. For a cell, this may have seemed naturally, but, for what features it had, it really didn\u8217\'92t feel like it. I decided to just watch television. It had a single channel, called }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the Station}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . It was nothing like I remembered of television before the Event. Comedy had been replaced with programs on the many things the council had achieved. I started to notice a trend: every small thing achieved was presented as though it was a Nobel Prize winning new idea. Well, technically, quite a few of them were, because the Nobel Prize was continued, and given out in the Capital. So, it seemed to go without saying that research from the Council would be highly ranked by them. After that, a music program came on. I seemed the music taste had actually taken a turn for the better, with classic rock and blues-rock being among the more highly ranked things. It generally seemed the entire council had a longing to go back to the sixties and seventies of the last century. At this point, I started to wonder about the choices I had made. Was it really worth it to keep on fighting, even though I had already lost? \line A few hours later, I was brought food. It was a simple, but nevertheless complete meal. After dinner, I felt tired, and decided to try to get some rest. I fell asleep almost instantly, and was awakened the early next morning, for breakfast. As I was eating my breakfast, I wondered what the future had in store for me. She mentioned something about a trial, but I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t really have faith in it being a fair trial by any standards. So, I prepared for the worst. \line Two guards came after breakfast, and ordered me to come with. It seemed they knew I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to get anywhere anyway, because they didn\u8217\'92t even bother restraining me in any way. First I was taken through an infinite-seeming labyrinth of corridors. Every corridor looked similar, but somehow distinctly different. The lights seemed to differ in design per hallway, as well as the materials used for the walls and ceiling. None of it looked pleasant though. After walking for a few minutes, a door was opened, and I was told to enter. I did so, reluctantly. I entered an office room. It was lavishly set up, with a nice, old, wooden desk, and a heavy desk chair. The room had a window, giving a view over one of the main plazas of the Capital.  \line I was met by miss Walters again. She told me she was willing to give me another last chance. She would give me public interviews, broadcast on live television. Since it\u8217\'92s live, I\u8217\'92d be permitted to say whatever I want. If I after 10 episodes managed to convince people, I\u8217\'92d get a position as a writer within the government. If not, my live would be forfeit. I thought about it for a moment, and agreed. It seemed like the only option I had, so it would have to do. I was moved to a different room. I still didn\u8217\'92t have a window without bars, but it was actually designed to look nice, and be a generally nice place to stay in. \line \line I was told later that my first interview would be in a week\u8217\'92s time, and that there would be six interviews in total, all one week apart. After that, I would stand to trial. My attitude during the interviews would be taken into consideration during the trial. This meant essentially that I had a chance to save my own skin, by showing remorse. I wasn\u8217\'92t sure what to think about that yet, but had a week to think about it. I was brought back home, and went to bed. After laying in bed for a few hours, I finally fell asleep.}}