{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 John\line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The time has come for me to tell you of my personal story. I may not be the most important person in this story, but, since it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s my story to tell, I should properly introduce myself.\line \line My name is John. I am not that important, but I nevertheless want to tell you my story. I was only a few years old when the Event happened, so my story differs quite a bit from how others remember it. My memory is highly personal, and not very concise, but nevertheless provides an intriguing additional perspective to the Event. As a warning, I don\u8217\'92t know what part of this information was my memory, and what part was told to me later.\line \line Before the Event, I lived alone with my mom. I had never met my dad, because he had left my mom before I was born. My mom told me he wasn\u8217\'92t a nice man, and that I wasn\u8217\'92t missing anything by not having him around.\line \line I came home after school. I was playing with my toy trains. The people here needed me to go where they want to go. My train brought them to where they want to go. As the train made it\u8217\'92s fifth round around the city, something strange started to happen. The rails were shaking. The people on the train were scared. The train derailed. The people in it started screaming. The train stopped, and the people got out. Most of them weren\u8217\'92t hurt. They walked off to their homes. The train was left behind, next to the tracks. An enormous woman screamed from far below. \u8220\'93John, downstairs, now\u8221\'94, the giant screamed. I sighed, and went downstairs. \u8220\'93What is it mom?\u8221\'94, I asked. She looked scared. Mom never looked scared before. That made me scared. I asked again: \u8220\'93What is wrong, mom?\u8221\'94. This time mom answered, in panic. She said she didn\u8217\'92t know. She hid with me under the table. I didn\u8217\'92t know what was going on. I asked mom if we were playing hide and seek. She answered that it was something like that. Then the ground started shaking again. This time it was heavier than the previous time. The roof started to fall. I screamed. Mom also screamed. Then, it got silent again. We walked out of the house, looking for a safe place to stay. Our neighbor\u8217\'92s house was gone. It was one big mess. Suddenly, something strange started to happen. The street next to Nick\u8217\'92s house was falling. This sounds strange, but it was true. Nick\u8217\'92s house disappeared. I started crying, because Nick is my friend. We played together a lot. \line \line We walked in the towards the edge. We wanted to see what had happened. When we were there, we saw something strange. There was a hole in the ground. There were floating islands everywhere. Nicks house was on an island next to ours. I saw people in their garden. When I looked carefully, I could see Nick. I smiled, because he was safe. I asked mom if I could go to the swing set near our house. My mom sighed, but told me we could go there. First, she wanted to see if everybody was OK. We walked from neighbor to neighbor. It seemed nobody was hurt. \line The swings were broken. The earthquake broke the wooden beams. I was sad, because I really wanted to play. Mom said we should go home. I agreed, and we went home. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \line I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have many other memories of the first period after the Event, since I was still very young. I remember being in school, and the lessons there.\line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The school was a small one. This was because there weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t that many children on our shard. We only had one class, with children of ages four to fourteen in it. After fourteen, children would start working. This wasn\u8217\'92t the same as before the Event, but there simply was too much work that needed to be done, to keep children learning for longer. \line Our education was partially practical, and partially theoretical. We were taught which plants were edible, and basics of farming, but also mathematics and history. History always intrigued me. Stories of the world before the Event made an impact on me. I spent hours wondering what happened, causing the Event. I had asked my teacher multiple times, but she had answered that this wasn\u8217\'92t known. I promised myself that I would try to find this out. I wanted to at least know why the Entity was suddenly there, and if anyone know anything about this.\line I was a bit of an outsider at school. I had friends and played with them, but quite often, I could be daydreaming instead of playing or studying. Questions could be stuck in my head for hours, without me finding an answer to them. The themes varied, from \u8216\'91who is my dad?\u8217\'92, to \u8220\'93if there\u8217\'92s a god, why is the world like this?\u8221\'94. I didn\u8217\'92t have an answer to any of these questions. When I asked my mom, or my teacher, it became clear that they didn\u8217\'92t have answers either.\line As my school career progressed, it became clear that it would be a waste to let me work as a farmer, or as another simple job. My teacher asked me if I wanted to continue learning, and go to the capital. I told her that I had to think about it, and wanted more information. I was told that I could go to high school in the Capital, and decide after that what I would want to do. After some thought, I decided it would be a good idea to go. By the time I was permitted to go there, the cable car system had just been extended to a shard near our shard, and we could reach it using bridges. After a long and exhausting walk, we reached the cable car terminal. My mom wasn\u8217\'92t permitted to join me there, because the capacity of the system was quite low, and because they thought it would be better for our education to separate us from our parents. I disliked this idea, but I did like that they were at least honest about it.\line The school in the capital was different from the school on our shard, and also quite different from the schools as described in books from before the Event. The school expected a high amount of independence, expecting us to learn things without much oversight. \line My main teacher was Maggie. She was my main teacher for quite some time, guiding me in what I should be learning, and helping where needed. Over time, we bonded, and started to share our stories.\line She had been part of a group that was involved in debating if the Council in it\u8217\'92s current form was a good idea. She explained how she had been misguided, and that she was happy to be given the chance to redeem herself. I asked her about her motivations to join such an organization, if the Council does this much to try and rebuild society. She answered that, at that point, she valued her personal freedom, and value highly, and didn\u8217\'92t think it was reasonable that others decided on her place in society, with no hopes of her climbing up. I answered that I could understand that point of view, but also, that it was wrong, because our society currently doesn\u8217\'92t have the resources for everyone to climb to their potential. I added that I was glad to have been given a chance to at least somewhat explore my potential. \line We talked about my possibilities as a career. I explained that I wanted to research what lead up to the Event, and why it had happened. She told me that the research into that had been quite strictly closed-off, to prevent needless speculations. Besides that, it wasn\u8217\'92t a high priority in general, because there were more pressing issues of the current time, compared to finding out why things had happened. As long as people were still starving, she said, there wasn\u8217\'92t much need for knowledge on the past. She looked at me, and saw that I was starting to cry, because she had shattered my dream. She told me that my grades had been high though, so that she would see what she could do for me. \line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After some effort, I was let into the history team responsible for finding out what happened around the Event. I was told about the laboratory in Switzerland, that had exploded, starting it all. They told me however, that they didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know who was working there, because all records of that had been lost. Also, most research done at this facility was kept at a need to know basis, to prevent press disasters.\line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My first task there was to compile a list of scientists that could have been involved in this experiment. I found two. Arthur Quincy seemed to be the only one that made sense to look into, since the other one had been absent from the scientific community for years leading up to the Event. It seemed he had vanished after the Event. He had either died, or made sure he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t found. So, it seemed he was a good candidate for a person who was responsible. \line We reasoned that, if he was near the Event when it happened, he had had time to flee. If he was there, he must have known what had happened, and probably traveled to friends or family. Thus, I set off to find out who his friends and family were. I looked through old papers of his, trying to find information on what he was working on, and with whom. I found out that he didn\u8217\'92t have many friends, and treated most of his colleagues as competitors. However, in one of his papers, he dedicates his research to his sister, Avril Quincy. That name turned up in our systems. She was an assistant at a bakery on one of the shards. I decided to head there, and talk to her. After an awfully long journey, I met her. She told me she hadn\u8217\'92t heard of him since the Event. She could however confirm that he had been working on an experiment in Switzerland just before the Event. She also, to my bewilderment, said that he had been working together with Dennis \u8230\'85. She said the two of them used to be rivals, but they had decided the research was too important to be slowed down just because of some childish feud between two scientists. Nobody had heard anything about the contents of the research, or about why or how these two had suddenly started to work together. She said that Dennis might be hiding somewhere. She had heard rumors that he was trying to send out messages, asking for rescue. However, there were no sources for these rumors, so there was also no way to trace where it could have come from. I thought he would also be interesting to talk to. Finding him could prove to be a challenge though. \line Arthur however, was confirmed to be quite near the Event when hit happened, meaning he was probably caught in the radius of the blast. She wasn\u8217\'92t sure, but there was still no confirmation of anyone alive from near that area. However, the amount of communications between shards on a continental level was still basically zero. Some messaging was achieved by sending unmanned, powered glider aircraft in directions where it was assumed that other shards must exist, but this was limited to a simple: \u8216\'91hey, we are still alive, are you also still alive?\u8217\'92, and some other messages of similar kind. Communications through that method wasn\u8217\'92t really effective in any way.\line \line I went back to the capital, feeling like a failure. Although I managed to find information that Arthur and Dennis might be involved in the Event, I found no evidence of where they are now, and neither did I find anything on where they were during the Event. When I re-entered the capital, and relayed this information to the rest of the team, they were obviously disappointed. They had had so much hope, and had really believed this would finally be our chance to figure out what had happened at the start of the Event, and why. Yes, we had figured out who had worked there around that point, which gave us some indication in what may have happened. However, we didn\u8217\'92t know why they had done it, and we didn\u8217\'92t know if they were still alive either. So, I decided to, for now, give up on this goal, and go back to normal work.}}