{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Violet and John}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 I remember the dreams of that night. The Entity had a message for me. The dream this time was simple. I was asked to be careful, to prevent making stupid mistakes. I wasn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what it meant with that, but didn\u8217\'92t have time to ask questions before waking up. I marveled the fact that I always woke up just before I could ask the harder questions, and wondered if it was a coincidence.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line I ate breakfast, and got ready for work. As I was about to leave, the phone in my room rang. It was miss Walters, wishing me good luck. I thanked her, and went on my way. It seemed my route to work took forever, as well as being over in a mere second. I was prepared, but nevertheless, it felt strange to be talking to one of the worlds biggest criminals. I was told to keep open dialog, and give him the chance to speak openly. This surprised me, because he could very well be trying to convince people that he wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t that bad. When I entered the studio, it was still empty. I sat down on my chair, and read through my notes. I rehearsed my first few questions. After that, I took a few minutes to relax. I felt a calm starting to surround me, as though I knew I would be able to do this. At this moment, someone entered the room, and asked me if I was ready. I took a deep breath, and said that I was.\line His appearance surprised me, as he entered the room. He looked less like a horrible terrorist, and more like a philosophy major student. He kindly greeted me with a friendly \u8216\'91hi\u8217\'92. I stood up, and shook his hand, while I was feeling very conflicted about this situation. He introduced himself as William Fords, political activist. I thought that that was a weird way to say terrorist, but didn\u8217\'92t say it. He answered the remark I didn\u8217\'92t make by saying that he knew he was known as a terrorist, but that he never intended anything like this to happen, and still didn\u8217\'92t understand how it could happen. I sighed, and said that it would perhaps be better to just start the interview.\line \line We took our seats, and the camera started running. He seemed stressed, as I also was. We started simple, by introducing ourselves. I introduced myself simply as Violet Watts, he also only used his name. \line I started by asking him why he started }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice of Reason}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . He replied that he felt that the Council didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t listen to the voice of the people enough, instead only focusing on what they thought would be important. He explained that a lot of people are suffering outside the Capital, because of a lack of food, or other basic necessities. Therefore, he started a political group, which wanted to know the reasoning of the Council, and wanted to get involved in the decision making process. So, he said, we only wanted to have a voice, and be listened to.\line I asked why they started to rebel then. He answered that the Council didn\u8217\'92t offer them any way to react, only acting as though they listened, and never saying what was done with the feedback they were given. I thought for a moment, and asked him: \u8220\'93But, just putting it bluntly, why kill children?\u8221\'94. He started crying. I waited for a moment, and continued: \u8220\'93Is it such a tough question?\u8221\'94. He struggled to get himself together again, and answered, with a small voice: \u8220\'93I never meant for this to happen, this wasn\u8217\'92t what we set out to do.\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 \line  Meanwhile, William was also surprised at this situation, he had expected the interviewer to be a much more controlling or awful person. Violet, to him, seemed like a reasonable person. This confused him, because he had thought of Council members as being all evil. After all, they had killed off innocent people, just because they were his friends.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line I continued with another question: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a cheap thing to say; after all, you\u8217\'92re responsible for the organization you started. You taught people to hate the established government. Just because some people took it a step further than you expected doesn\u8217\'92t mean you lose responsibility, right?\u8221\'94 William seemed to lose his nerve, and answered: \u8220\'93You seem very quick to judge a person by acts that were committed in his name. Our organization has always made it clear internally that we didn\u8217\'92t want to hurt anyone. We actively worked on finding out who had aggressive tendencies, and even reported some potential threats to the police. We\u8217\'92re, to this day, unsure who committed the terrorist attack, and we didn\u8217\'92t find anyone within our organization who knew him. For all intents and purposes, he didn\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94. I was confused by his words. After all, it had been all over the news that the cell had been in close contact with the leadership of }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t understand why he was lying so blatantly. He was a good liar though, he almost managed to convince me. I asked him why he was lying to me. He looked at me as though he didn\u8217\'92t understand me. I elaborated: \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t act surprised. You\u8217\'92 re telling me you never knew these people, but it has been all over the news that the terrorist was known by the leadership of }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  So, you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re telling me that you really didn\u8217\'92t know of this?\u8221\'94 He went silent and scratched his head. It seemed I had caught him. I let him think for another minute though, because I wanted him to come up with a reaction of his own. He sighed, and finally replied by stating that either means that he\u8217\'92s bad at judging character, or that the news here doesn\u8217\'92t always tell the truth. He asked me if I had heard of the killings on his home shard. I said I had heard of the group of criminals that got convicted there, but asked why it was relevant.\line He sighed. He asked if I really didn\u8217\'92t know what had happened there. I replied that I didn\u8217\'92t follow him at all. \line The conversation seemed to go nowhere after that. Shortly after, the broadcast ended, because we ran out of our time slot. After the recordings, we kept talking. I wanted to know more about this person, because I felt like he didn\u8217\'92t have the personality that would fit the crimes he had committed. But, it seemed I hit a wall, and that he didn\u8217\'92t want to admit what he had done wrong. \line \line  *** }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 It seemed Violet just didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to understand. I still don\u8217\'92t get it, the evidence was all there, but it\u8217\'92s as though she just didn\u8217\'92t want to see it. However, in a strange way, it seemed we were starting to come to some understanding. It seemed as though at least we understood why the other thought the way the other did, even though we didn\u8217\'92t even come to agreement on the facts on which the thoughts were based.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We had our second television broadcast a week later. I wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t too hopeful, because she didn\u8217\'92t really give me much space to talk freely the previous time, instead only focusing on the crime that killed our organization. As I entered the room, she was already there. She asked me what I thought about the previous time, and if I would want things to change to the format. I thought for a moment, and told her I would like to talk more about the world in general, and less about the acts of terror that had occurred. She hesitated for a moment, and said she would see what she could do to change the balance between these two things a bit, but that the terror couldn\u8217\'92t be put under the rug. After that, we started the second interview. She opened by asking me what it was that motivated us to rebel against the Council, even though the Council was doing good work. I replied: \u8220\'93the Council is indeed doing a lot of good work, and should be congratulated for that. However, freedom should never be something that\u8217\'92s exchanged for convenience, or for help. If people aren\u8217\'92t free to go where they please, and do what they want, they aren\u8217\'92t much more than slaves.\u8221\'94. She asked me how I would see that happen with work that nobody wants to do. I replied that the income for these jobs should then increase, until people want to do that work. She said that the current period is only a temporary one, and that we will reach that period after this. I told her that they might have wanted to tell people that, instead of keeping them under control using lies and threats. If the Council had actually showed a commitment to that, then }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  would have never been started. She actually agreed to my point, saying that communications from the side of the Council had been bad. I continued, by saying that actually the main sentiment in }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  was one of \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91us against them\u8217\'92, caused by a feeling of being treated as lower class citizens. I added that this sentiment was actually supported by my experience here; even the leader of a world wide terrorist organization gets a more comfortable accommodation than any person outside the capital. She looked at me for a moment, seemingly lost in thought. She really seemed to actually try and understand me. I said it saddened me that she and I had become enemies, because it seemed like we could have worked well together. She replied that she at least agreed on that point.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line The next week, we talked about the terror attack again. She asked me if I had, at any point, thought some people would be more inclined towards violence than I was. I answered that there had been a person. But, I had fired him, after he became too much of a lose cannon. I reminded her of the graffiti that had occurred a few times, and then stopped as quickly as it started.\line \line Over the next interviews, we talked about details of life on both sides, and we got to a point where we got into an understanding. We never agreed on the conclusions, but we could at least see each others point of view. However, it became clear that I would not apologize, and would not really change my opinion, so there was no choice but to continue to the trial. Violet and I said our goodbyes, and I went to trial. \line The trial was a done deal. They argued that, since they had multiple witnesses claiming the Voice was responsible for the terror attack, I was therefore responsible for it. They said that I all but apologized during the interviews by saying I regretted what had happened. They didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t make any mention of me saying this was never an intention of it, and made no mention of the fact that I had tried my best to keep it from becoming a violent organization. The trial continued for a few more days, and my fate seemed to have already been sealed. Just as I was about to go to bed on the night before my final day of trial, someone knocked on my door. It was Violet. She explained to me that she had found out something terrible. The entire television show had been a sham, and it had never been broadcasted. It was just used as a way to trick me into saying things, and to make me feel as though I had a chance. The material would be cut into pieces, and used for propaganda. I sighed deeply, and then decided not to get angry. I told Violet that I really appreciated her telling me, but that it wouldn\u8217\'92t change anything. She told me it changed everything to her, because it meant the Council was actually acting in bad faith, just as I had always said. I told her it didn\u8217\'92t matter anymore, because my fate was sealed. She looked at me with disbelief, but must have seen in my eyes that I was serious. I gave her a hug, and offered her a drink. If this was going to be my last night on this world, then at least I wanted to spend it with someone who actually understood me somewhat. She said she would do one drink, but would have to go after that, because she didn\u8217\'92t want to get into trouble. We sat down on my bed, and enjoyed a glass of wine. After the glass of wine, she asked me if there was anything she could do to help me. I thought for a moment, and answered: try to achieve what I failed to achieve, but don\u8217\'92t make my mistakes. She promised she would try to do so, and left. \line That night, I couldn\u8217\'92t sleep. Thoughts were racing through my head. Did I make the right decision in my actions, or did I fuck up. So, the next day, I arrived at my final day of trial, tired. I made one last stand, saying all I ever wanted was open debate, and that the only crime I ever committed was being of too good faith. The judge replied by saying: if that\u8217\'92s really your opinion, then there\u8217\'92s no hope for you. He continued by saying there could never be a place for me in this world, so I should no longer be a part of it. He elaborated by saying I was sentenced to death, and the sentence would be executed before noon the same day. I thought it was amazing how much quicker a legal system can be if it doesn\u8217\'92t burden itself with the rights of the people in it. I was then let out of the building, with two guards next to me. They decided that, instead of just letting me go directly to my own cell, I would first be paraded through the city, as a prized catch. I was booed on my entire walk from the courthouse to the cell block. After entering my cell, I started writing. I wanted to finish my journal, so I could pass that on to the people that came after me. I hoped it could become an inspiration to keep on going. I managed to finish most of it, and requested it to be sent to Violet, because she had been my only company here. I hope she will read this journal. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line  *** }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 I indeed received William\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s journal. I read through it all in an hour, in pure silence. I was silenced by the idea that we were going to punish someone for trying to spread a few ideas. I don\u8217\'92t know if he was right about his organization not being responsible for the act of terror that had been committed in it\u8217\'92s name, but I was sure that he never wanted it to happen. I shed a few tears as I finished reading it. I decided, frustrated by my inability to be of any help, to ensure his story would be spread. I would finish the last pages of his journal, thereby finishing his story. So, even though it hurt me a lot, I decided I would visit his execution. \line \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 An hour later, I entered the execution area. Executions of this magnitude were always public. It was already really crowded, but since I was press-related, I was permitted to head to the front. In a macabre way, it looked more like an open air concert, than like an execution. People seemed cheerful, and happy. Then, the main `act` started. First, two judges came on stage. They reread the conviction. William had been convicted for high treason, which is a really vague crime these days. I really wanted this moment just to not happen. I just wanted to be able to turn back time, and tell people they were making a mistake. I wanted to give William another hug, and tell him everything would be all right. But.. I could do nothing at this point, except watch. Watch as a kind, intelligent, funny man was put to death, because his ideas didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t align with the opinions of those in power. After this, and a minute of silence, William entered the podium. He looked around. When he saw me, an empty smile appeared on his face. The execution method had been borrowed from the French. At least this meant that it was quick, and relatively painless. I went silent, looking at him as he kneeled down. The crowd went silent; the only thing you could still hear were the birds. As the blade raised up into the air, you could feel the suspense raise within the crowd. The people that turned up here must have loved the spectacle. I stayed silent as the knife was brought to it\u8217\'92s up position. I stayed silent as his head rolled off, and the crowd started to cheer. The crowd continued cheering, but I left after that, in silence. I went home. \line When I entered home, I started crying uncontrollably. I didn\u8217\'92t really understand why, because I had never cared that much about William. Somehow, his death struck me as a major tragedy. I went to bed, and after a few hours, I fell asleep. During the night, I was visited by the Entity. It told me that what happened today was extraordinarily sad, but, in the grand scheme of things, it had had to happen. It was going to set things in motion that were needed on the grander scale. I got angry, and screamed out if we were all just pieces on a chessboard to it. To my surprise, it confirmed this, and said that every person in a position of leadership has to think like that, if he wants to stay in such a position.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line There is this weird thing in the Capital that everyone is entitled to a proper funeral. Even criminals are entitled to one, although these always focus mostly on what they did wrong, especially for those convicted to death. For William, they reserved a spot quite central in town, so people would remember that the Council does what it needs to do to protect its citizens. \line The service itself was strange. Before the Event, funerals were about commemorating the dead, but this felt more like a gloating action from the Council. Speeches were held about the importance of good citizenship, and other similar subjects. I felt my stomach turn inside out by some of these. I was tempted to speak on his behalf, but was paralyzed by a fear of being hurt myself. Also, William had requested me prior to not make the same mistakes he made. So, I stayed silent. \line A day later, when most people had already forgotten about his death and funeral, I went to his grave, and laid flowers there. I sat down next to it, and closed my eyes, trying to silently give him the funeral service he wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t given the day before. In silence, I spoke about his kindness, and his friendly smile. I silently continued about the patience he must have had, while trying to talk to me about what was going on in the Capital. I silently bowed my head, bidding him farewell, while at the same time apologizing for what the world had done to him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 As I finished writing the final pages of his Journal, I noticed a scribble on one of the last pages. It said simply: To reach the others, go to the Three Hearth Den, at the northern shard, and ask for George. Tell them you know where the coffee is stored, that should gain you the trust you need.\line \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Using my credentials as a journalist, I traveled to the North Shard. It took me some effort to find the Three Hearth Den, because it wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t promoted or anything. It looked like your typical shabby pub, with lots of broken items, and smelling like a combination of beer, piss, and an unidentifiable third component. I went to the barkeep. He asked me, with an air of distrust, what I was doing there. I said I was looking for George, but got interrupted by him saying: there is no George here, leave now. I took a breath, and said that I knew where the coffee is stored. He looked at me with bewilderment, and said: a friend of William is a friend of mine, join me for a drink after closing time, and then you can explain to me who you are. I returned after closing time, and told him what had happened to William. I left out no details, explaining how I had met him, and had been unable to help. The barkeep looked at me, and told me he was happy for my honesty. He told me he would talk to George, and Christopher tomorrow, asking them if they want to talk to me. In the meantime, he offered me to stay in one of the empty guest rooms. He joked that there were barely any rats in the building. Or at the very least, I hoped he was joking.\line \line The guest room was barbaric, and the bed was uncomfortable. However, I was glad that I was offered this bed for free, also, because it showed a sign of trust from the barkeep\u8217\'92s side. The next morning, I went down to the bar, and was greeted, with breakfast already waiting for me. In the room were two persons unknown to me. They looked at me as though they wanted to talk, so I walked to them. They introduced themselves as George and Christopher, and invited me to join their table to talk. I asked them if they minded me grabbing breakfast first. They seemed amused by my politeness, and smiled. I quickly grabbed some bread, and a cup of tea, and joined their table. They started by asking me why I had chosen to leave the Capital, and tell them what happened. I answered that it was the least I could do, and that I hoped it would help at least somewhat. I told them the same story I told the barkeep the night before. They got quite emotional when I told them William had been executed. \line \line They asked me if he had been given a proper funeral. I replied that he had a proper grave, but that the funeral he had been given hadn\u8217\'92t been the most proper one. I told them I had revisited it, and held a private service in his honor. They were surprised by this, but it seemed they were quite happy about this, in a way. I could see tears in their eyes when I talked about it. \line \line They told me they were happy about the fact that I got to them, and talked to them, and remarked that they were pleasantly surprised by my kindness, and balanced view of the things at play. We discussed the conversations William and I had had, and how it had changed my point of view. I also showed them his Journal. They read it, and afterward, agreed that I should be the one to keep it, because it was addressed at me. They told me that, however much I did here, my place was not with them, because I had been a part of the Council. This hurt me a bit, but I did agree with them; I\u8217\'92m fundamentally not a revolutionary, and prefer to change things in small steps, rather than revolutionize them. Therefore, we said goodbye a few days later. I returned to my own shard, and they stayed to organize a new revolutionary movement. They still needed to work out the new structure, now that William had gone. }}