{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Christopher}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \line When Violet told me William had died, something in me burst. I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t agree when William decided to give his life up for the cause, and this proved, in my opinion, that I had been correct. I thought it was silly, and wouldn\u8217\'92t yield any results. But then again, Willem and I had almost never agreed on anything. It was as though he lacked the guts to actually act on his ideas. It seemed he knew what was going on, but didn\u8217\'92t see that, nothing would ever change without action. Nothing can be free without sacrifice. My name is Christopher Tell, and this is the story of my fight for freedom.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line From the beginning of the Voice, I have been one of the more important trustees. I was one of the first ten people to join, and joined around a month after the Voice was started. Back then we were still mostly a group of people talking about how the world should be. It always annoyed me how little people were willing / wanting to do to create the world they claimed they wanted so badly. I more than once mentioned to William that I didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t agree with the course of action we were taking. We had long conversations about it, but in the end, we disagreed, and, the Voice was his responsibility, so his opinion was the one that was taken.\line \line When we started to become more active, I got my hopes up. We started to spread throughout the shards, meaning we now had the power to act. A strategic rebellion or strike could give us the opportunity to demand change. The thing with cable car transportation is: if the cable car people on one end go on strike, there\u8217\'92s nothing you can do to get the system running again, it\u8217\'92s simply stalled. I explained this strategy to William, but he seemed to be appalled by it. He explained that this would only hurt the normal civilians, and that the people in power could just sit through it, because they had stockpiled all they could need for quite some time. I disagreed, arguing that they wouldn\u8217\'92t want the perception of their control being gone. He said that this would mean they would need to go out to war, or accept that they lost face, either by submitting, or by waiting it out. Either way, we would have made enemies of the general population, instead of friends. \line \line I was mostly involved in organizing local events. I always thought we should have a more pro-active role, and not limit us to not using violence. If the Council is going to use it\u8217\'92s power, then we should meet it. You can\u8217\'92t fight intolerance with tolerance, that doesn\u8217\'92t work. So, I tried to change policy. If the top didn\u8217\'92t want to listen, I thought, then I needed to work around them.\line The problem with freedom is that you need some of it to fight for it. Simple example: if you\u8217\'92re in prison, you\u8217\'92re not in a position to fight for getting more freedom. This means that limitations in freedom should always be acted upon. No exceptions. \line At some point, I took the liberty of organizing a slightly more forward thinking event. Instead of just talking and spreading pamphlets, I got some people together, and we wrote a giant poem on the side of a government building, arguing the terrible fact of it\u8217\'92s existence. After this became known, I was not treated with respect. \line \line You may wonder if I was responsible for the terrorist attack that happened, and was put on our blame. I wasn\u8217\'92t, but I was glad that it happened. It meant that we finally had made an impact, and could move forward. I suggested to double down, and use this opportunity to strike. I argued that, since we already lost our moral high ground, we might as well play that game. William asked me if I was happy with the terrorist attack, because it had given me fuel for my fire. I replied that I thought it could bring opportunities. William looked at me in a really strange way. I think he may have thought I was somehow responsible for the terrorist attack. \line \line From the terrorist attack on, it started to go downhill for }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the Voice.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  Since we weren\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really defending ourselves, it seemed that we lost most of our strength. We lost a lot of members overnight, because the government now officially outlawed our organization, being a terrorist group. Besides that, the general population no longer loved us, and instead had decided to hate us. I told William that this meant that we had to defend ourselves, and show people that we were on their side. Although we agreed, he didn\u8217\'92t want to take action, saying that by opting to use violence, we would lose our last bits of credibility. I told him that that ship had sailed. From this point on, William didn\u8217\'92t fully trust me anymore. He didn\u8217\'92t kick me out of the Voice. I don\u8217\'92t think he would have the guts, nor the power to pull that off. Besides, I think he feared that the Voice could split in twain, which would surely destroy most of it. Instead, he just stripped me of most of my responsibilities. I was no longer one of the trustees, and no longer permitted to have a say in important matters. This infuriated me. I felt betrayed by my peers. I didn\u8217\'92t act on this though, opting instead to await my chances. \line When William decided to turn himself in, I was surprised. I thought he must have been suicidal, because there was no way for him to get out of there alive. I didn\u8217\'92t have an option to change this though, so, however much I was swearing, nothing would change. I could only await the bad news.\line \line I remember hearing of the death of William. It was spread throughout the news. The leader of the rebellion had been executed. But, worse than that, he had apologized publicly for the acts of the Voice, saying it had been a big mistake. There was evidence of this shown in every newspaper. The newspapers were all lyrical about it; the war on terror had been won, and the Council had, once again, showed that it was very capable of protecting and serving everyone.. William had left me and George as people responsible for the after-care of the Voice. Well, technically, he had left George in power, but George isn\u8217\'92t able to run such an organization by himself, so I volunteered to assist him. He said that William would not have wanted that. I replied that William\u8217\'92s actions had lead to a decimation of our organization, and his own death, so that, maybe, he just wasn\u8217\'92t the greatest organizer. I quickly added that his ideas were still valid, and we should continue fighting for them, but not necessarily in the same way. George agreed to this. I always thought that George was the kind of person who was quick to agree to someone once they reason for more than about half a minute. So, in a way, it was good that I took the opportunity to take power, because otherwise this would not have ended well. Someone else may have taken over that position, and run the Voice into the ground. This did put me back into a position of power.\line \line We started on re-organizing the Voice. George and I both agreed immediately that we couldn\u8217\'92t just do nothing. If we did nothing, we would have lost, and William\u8217\'92s sacrifice would have been in vain. So, we set to plan a strike. We wanted the Council to feel that it wasn\u8217\'92t all-powerful, and that we were a group they should keep into account. Our plan was to cut them off from the rest of the world, by cutting all transport with the Capital. Although this would not go without a hitch, the actual plan was rather simple: arrange that all Cable Car systems break down at the same time. These systems were seen by everyone as vital for the entirety of society. So, paradoxically, nobody even thought about defending them. Anyone attacking or damaging these systems must be out of their mind, was probably the reasoning. Besides, there are too many terminals, and defensive forces are scarce. We didn\u8217\'92t want to destroy the systems, but merely disable them for a while. Destroying them would actually be tricky, since the helicopter fleet was mostly out of service, because fuel and spare parts had almost run out. So, any link permanently destroyed may have more serious consequences than anyone could ever want. It could, in the worst case, mean that people in some areas starve to death, because transport is no longer possible, meaning they are cut off from food supplies.\line \line We found out that the system\u8217\'92s engines were being kept up to date by the so-called power engineers. These people were responsible for fueling the engines that power the cable. By turning them off, one side no longer provides power, causing the engines at the other side to stall. This should, according to our calculations, not cause major damage, but should take a system out until it gets restarted at both sides. This could disconnect the Capital from the rest of the shards, giving us the required time to organize a proper revolt. We found the required engineers, and managed to convince them. This was surprisingly easy, because most engineers have a natural hatred towards being taken for granted. And what\u8217\'92s a better way to show how important you are than to stop doing your job for a few days? They told us that if they removed the transformers from the electrical cabinet, there would be no way to turn it back on until they wanted to turn it back on. This seemed like a fine plan, and we all agreed to set it in motion. A few weeks later, it was doomsday. We timed it so all cable cars stopped working just before Christmas season. We sent out our demands as a note, attached to the last cars that made it to the Citadel. After that, we went silent. The Citadel had no way to talk back, and we had no way to talk to them. For a week, this silence continued. We could measure from the wires that they were trying to send smaller packages over the line, but were unable to. The lack of transformers hadn\u8217\'92t just made the system not get power from our side. It also meant that, on our side, no carriages could be loaded. Most importantly, however, it put the engines into emergency brake mode, meaning the cable was forcefully kept still. The people on the other end must have realized this, because they tried to use the maximum amount of force that could be used without breaking the cable. The engine however, didn\u8217\'92t give an inch. Thus, we were able to hold our blockade for the time we wanted. After the week, we re-enabled one of the cables, and sent a small package over the line. It contained our first few demands. They were:}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 1. A representative council that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s chosen democratically. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This would ensure that everyone has a say (albeit indirectly) in the policy that\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s made.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 2. A solid bill of rights. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This would prevent the arbitrary actions of the Council}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 3. A legal system that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s based on known to be working concepts. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This would protect the less powerful people from the more powerful.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 4. A means for everyone to verify what the council is doing, and why.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  This would give people the power to know who to vote for the next time, ensuring that people have an actual say in things that are happening.\line \line After this, we waited. We got a message in return, asking us to stop the blockade. They did add to that statement that we should at least let medical packages come through. We agreed to that part, and shipped their requested list of medical things with a secondary shipment. After this, we waited again. One thing to realize is that, once one side adds a heavy payload, the other side will instantly notice. That side then has two options: either to let it come through, or to stop it mid-flight. This means that sending people over without the other side agreeing means risking that they suffocate mid-flight. This meant that, even though one of the systems was technically strong enough to support a quite extensive military regiment, sending it across may mean that they would never arrive. A few days later, a reply message arrived. It said they would consider it if we released the cable cars. They said however, that change like this would take time. Finally, it was added that none of the people involved in the strike would logically be permitted to be involved in writing the new bill of rights, since they voided their rights by acting against the people in the world. But, as long as they retreated from the political debate, there would not be any consequences. This sounded quite friendly, but we didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to act upon this, because this would mean we would lose our chance to change the world. And, having others write a bill of rights, without any activists there seemed like a guarantee of not having a quality document. So, we replied back that we would be fine with having only a single vote when writing, and them having majority vote, but that we, at the very least, would want to be permitted to be at the meetings. This seemed fair to us, because that would ensure that we would at least }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 know }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 if they decided to write a poor constitution. We had no answer to this message for quite a while. The message that returned in the end was: we disagree. It also said: we no longer rely on the cable car for transportation, but want to give you a final ultimatum. You have forty-eight hours to reply, otherwise we\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re at war. \line We didn\u8217\'92t know for sure if they were bluffing. We did know however that their military strength by far outclassed ours. We had some weapons available to us, which we managed to scavenge from old storage facilities, but most weapons ended up at the Council. Therefore, we wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to fight them one on one. After some debate, we decided to go into hiding, and not explicitly reply to their ultimatum. We wanted to, and needed to, see what they were capable of, in a military sense. For a few days, it seemed their threat had been hollow. However, we started to receive reports of unknown flying objects heading towards our shards. \line \line Most of us didn\u8217\'92t really need to hide, because our faces weren\u8217\'92t known to the government. So, it mostly meant us having to give up our spots, while we figured out what the situation was. We vacated the cable car stations, and set up a basic defensive perimeter. As the flying objects got closer, we spotted that they looked like planes, gliding through the vacuum between the shards. It seemed three of these gliders were heading to our shard. The size was impossible to guess, because it wasn\u8217\'92t possible to guess the distance from our shard. A few hours later, they had landed. Out of them came around 30 highly armed soldiers. They took up a prominent spot on the market place, and declared that we had twenty-four hours to give ourselves in, and that otherwise they would see everyone as accomplices, and arrest everyone on the spot. Our thoughts were: you\u8217\'92re unable to do so, because you can\u8217\'92t take them all with you. Also, we had the advantage of knowing the area, and knowing where to hide. We laid in ambush, and waited out the time. As they started searching, we used a back-way, and made a run for the vehicles. These were only defended with two soldiers. So, using some trickery, we got close to them, and then attacked them. They didn\u8217\'92t expect to be attacked by a group of ten people, but the fight was still quite fierce. Ten poorly armed, untrained people are actually quite a fair match-up for two trained soldiers. So, actually, both sides were losers in this fight. The council lost two soldiers, and a glider, we lost four of our dear friends. There was no time to mourn yet however, because we had to get these gliders in the air. We decided to try and take off with all three of them. The rest of our ground team on this shard, around twenty more people, joined us, and, after some effort, we managed to take off with the three gliders.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0  We were quite lucky, we had three experienced pilots in our group, from before the Event. The gliders were actually in interface quite similar to regular airplanes, but had a twist in their design, namely a boost mode to enable them to accelerate quickly, and escape the atmosphere of a shard. After that, it would keep moving forward until it reached the next shard. Since the space between shards doesn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really have an atmosphere, the glider has no way to control it\u8217\'92s flight path after leaving the atmosphere. This meant that aiming them is extremely important. Missing your target could mean flying for a really long time, possibly forever. Another thing we didn\u8217\'92t know yet, but would find out about later, was that in some areas the area wasn\u8217\'92t vacuum, but instead had gigantic storms. This meant that these areas aren\u8217\'92t safe to fly through, because your destination is unreliable. Our first mission was picking up the other groups, and seeing how we could reorganize to prevent being run over by the Council. \line \line We arrived on one of the other striking shards about half an hour later. Landing took some trickery, but we managed in the end. Since gravity is secretly quite a bit lower in the higher atmospheres, compared to what earth used to be, the landing speed can be a lot lower than on the Old Earth. As we landed, we saw that the shard didn\u8217\'92t have any gliders on it anymore. This probably meant that they decided to listen to the Council here, and actually turned themselves in. So, we continued to the third shard connected directly to the Capital. There, we found a struggle between our faction and soldiers of the Council. The Council-members retreated when they saw our planes were coming in, and weren\u8217\'92t carrying friendly soldiers. We decided our priority was at regrouping and organizing, and not at direct attack. Therefore, we simply picked up our people, and two of the gliders that were still parked there. After that, we retreated to a lesser-known shard, and started to form a strategy. Our primary goal was to get into a position of power, and to use that to pressurize them into giving up their position of power. We no longer wanted change in the Council, instead, we wanted the council to be gone. We at down around the map of all the shards under Council control, and the links in between them. We noticed that the Capital depended on the water supply from a nearby Shard, which also seemed to be easy to take over, and control. We decided that we shouldn\u8217\'92t spread too thin yet, and thus went to the water supply with our entire team. We didn\u8217\'92t come across much of a struggle, and took over the water supply without major incident. We then halved the water flow, and waited for response. Response came a few days later, in the form of a ball that was dropped onto the shard we had taken control of. It contained a simple message: give up, or we will show no mercy. We laughed, and halved the water flow again. A week later, six gliders flew in our direction. We were prepared for this option, and decided to just leave. We rigged the water supply, so it would take them quite some time to repair it, and retreated to another shard. From there, we decided we would continue like this: find something that annoys the Capital, seize it, and sabotage it, slightly. This would start hurting the Capital quite a bit. After that, we would see what our next step would be. This strategy would ensure a minimal amount of deaths, while still ensuring that our message came across. This may seem to be going too far to quite a few people, but you should realize that all we want is to be represented in the decisions that are being made. \line \line Our second target was one of the armament factories. This would be protected more severely, but it would give us access to high amounts of ammunition, and weaponry. It would also limit the arms available to the Council. We did some research, and found out that there was a secondary arms factory in a more remote corner of the connected worlds. It was connected through one shard next to it, which was almost exclusively used as a transport hub. After taking over the shard next to it, we would either wait it out, or attack it from the air. The most fun part of it would be that we would be supplied with weaponry while waiting there, because the factory would assume that everything was still fine, and continue producing. We would simply not send through the produce, and send a message through the network that there was a small production hick up, but it would continue in a few days. We would use that window to prepare an attack, and then take over the factory. So, we packed our belongings, and took off towards our new temporary home. We arrived there without major incident, and took over the cable car facilities. After this, we waited. By observing the shipment statements, we could see that every other day, armaments would arrive. \line \line After this mission, we wanted to obtain more fuel. So far, we had scrambled on the limited fuel that was on-board the gliders, but that was starting to run out. So, we decided on making the fuel factory our next stop. From documents in the gliders, we figured out there were two places in our world which had fuel, both of which quite near the Capital, both of which properly defended. However, at this point, we were properly armed, so it shouldn\u8217\'92t be much of an issue. We departed there a few days later, after having sent the factory a message that their production should be halved, to spare resources. This should lower the arms production for quite a while.\line \line We arrived on the shard of the fuel production plant. We had decided to land on an unused patch of this shard, to prevent being under fire directly. We spread out and took cover, expecting to be attacked almost immediately. To our surprise, nothing happened. It seemed they didn\u8217\'92t want to run into a trap, and had decided that it was our initiative. However, as we planned to take action, and attack, we heard an explosion. The factory had caught fire. We quickly moved in, trying to prevent the entire factory from burning down. We desperately needed this fuel to keep running our gliders. We ran into the factory, not thinking about strategy. This turned out to be an ambush. From three different directions, we were attacked. By some miracle, only three people were hurt significantly during this ambush, and we managed to continue to cover. We hid there for a moment, planning our next steps. We decided to split into two teams. One of our teams would press on to the storage areas, and try to salvage glider fuel there.  Meanwhile, the other team would first figure out where the gliders should be put to be refueled, and then send the Gliders there. I would join the Glider-team, because that team was most mission-critical. We nodded, and went our separate ways. We walked to the output area of the base. We didn\u8217\'92t meet much in the way of protest. We found one guard, but we managed to even take him out without killing him, or making significant noise. A few minutes later we found the loading area. It was vacated entirely, but seemed to still be operational. So, we decided to send a few men back to get the Gliders, and have the rest stay put to defend the position. The gliders landed a few minutes later. We tried to get the fuel running, but nothing came out yet. We slowly started to panic, because our gliders would only have fuel for one more flight, after which they would be done for.   We then saw a huge explosion at the storage area of the plant. Fire gulfed there, and huge clouds of smoke came from that direction. We started to feel the heat stream past us. We heard screaming, and then we only heard the sound of a fire raging. We waited for a few moments, struck by the disaster that had just occurred, and then went to the Gliders. Two of them still contained enough fuel to fly. We debated for a moment, and decided that we would leave with one of them, towards the Capital. The second one we would keep for the others, if they were still alive. We waited for about an hour more, before taking off. Nobody came from the fire, and it seemed to only get bigger. The fire started to heat up the glider, meaning we started to take a risk by keeping waiting. So, with heavy heads, we decided to leave, pretty much giving up on six of our friends. We had already decided that, since we wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to refuel, we would fly towards the capital. We would make our last stand there. We had already found a map of the Capital in our glider, so we knew where to land, and which route to take to be able to capture a strategic point. We were going to capture the broadcasting center, and send out a broadcast throughout the Capital. We would take hostages, ensuring our continued stay there. During the flight though, we mostly were silent, commemorating the friends we had lost on our disastrous mission. We closed our eyes, and thought back on them in silence. They had given up their lives for our cause. We knew that we were probably going to do the same, but hoped it would at least mean some change. It was a quite hopeless task, but we wanted to try it anyway. We all thought there was no point in giving up now, because that would mean having lost everything anyway.  \line As we got nearer to the capital, we started to prepare our arrival. There were two locations suitable for vehicles such as ours on the capital. The one nearest to the broadcasting center would leave us with an open area to walk through, the other one would permit us to take a longer, but comparatively more well-protected route. We guessed the Council would see our arrival coming, but wouldn\u8217\'92t guess our goal here. We loaded our weapons, and decided on our landing curve, and who would exit first. We figured we would be instantly spotted as being terrorists, so there would be little point in trying to hide ourselves. We wouldn\u8217\'92t be recognized as being known pilots anyway, and wouldn\u8217\'92t have the correct paperworks. Also, our vehicle\u8217\'92s vehicle tag would probably be known to every staff member at the air strip. We had no other option other than the strips though, because these were the only two spots on the Capital with a long enough area to support the landing of vehicles. Since we were landing on the one used more for cargo than for passengers, we guessed we would meet less of a welcoming committee, but we still expected some resistance there. Just before landing, we thought of an alternate strategy, namely, to simply steal a glider there, and leave again. That would probably leave us with more fuel than we currently had. However, when we got near the airfield, we saw it had no gliders stored there. They were probably purposely removed from the air strip, to prevent us from being able to steal them. As we started our final approach, our fuel tank emptied. This caused our plane to go into a final dive flight, and do something that was the average of crashing and landing. We were not immediately greeted by an attack. From our windscreen we saw that we accidentally landed in quite a strategic spot. Our exit doors were already quite protected, because we had slid underneath an overhanging hangar structure. Basically, the airstrip was an old straight section of roadway somewhere on one of the larger shards. Due to the way it had moved, at the end of it was a partially collapsed building. The front part of this building was supported by pillars, rather than built under the ground. This had allowed people to walk under it, and had allowed us to slide partially underneath that part of the building, with our door towards the actual wall. This gave us an amazing military advantage, meaning we could instantly get into cover. We exited our vehicle, and entered the building to gain cover, and a vantage point. We walked through the building, and figured out we had gotten extremely lucky. One of the members of our group immediately recognised the building. It had had a stop on a strange underground mail railway. Whereas most underground tunnels had been boarded up after the Event, this one might have been forgotten, because it was used solely for mail. So, we looked for the entrance to it. It took some time, because it wasn\u8217\'92t on any of the signs. The railway nerd said this made sense, because it had been taken out of service decades ago. The railway itself had become part of the museum collection of a transport museum, and kind of been kept in repair, apparently. But, it hadn\u8217\'92t been visible to the public yet, because this part of the exhibition was not available for public display yet, due to dwindling funds, and them being unable to get it certified for modern standards. So, it had already been forgotten about before the Event. So, whereas most subway tunnels, and other underground systems had been taken back into service as either storage or transportation facilities, this tunnel system was left entirely empty. The tunnel was dark, and somewhat moist, but otherwise not an extremely unpleasant place to be. We used our electric lights, and navigated our way to the platforms. The station looked like a tiny subway station. The track was around half a meter wide, and reminded us of the type of trains you would find at amusement parks. It had a quite a wide platform, with cargo trolleys standing ready to be loaded, even though they would never be used again. We looked around for some time, and, amazingly, we found a switch. After we flipped it, the turned power back on. Our railway nerd, as we jokingly call him, amazed us one further time as he showed us the old computer system that had been running it. Since it was stored this far underground, and quite ancient, the electromagnetic pulse caused by the event hadn\u8217\'92t damaged the computer enough to take it out of service. Appearantly, it worked purely based on relays, and not really based on a full computer. The system had already been ancient decades before the Event. Some lights weren\u8217\'92t working, but other than that, it seemed fine. After some flipping of switches, we heard movement in the tunnels, and, soon after, we saw a train arrive, fully automatically. This amazed us, because that vehicle had been standing still for at least a decade.  We were explained that the system was actually one of the first fully automatic railways, with mail-transporting trains moving through the center of the city. Naturally, it would now no longer be able to function fullily, because the network was built as a loop, but the track layout was no longer complete. The system also was made to stop at every station, with a human pressing a button to let the train go. This meant that someone had to enter and leave at every station. Due to the way the relay system of the tracks were designed, it would stop one station before the end of the tunnel, or so the \u8216\'91railway nerd\u8217\'92 told us. It would not be able to verify that the route to the next station was available, so it would signal the train to stop. Therefore, we could safely travel with it for as far as we could. \line The broadcasting center was actually two stops away, next to the old transport museum. The Event had put museums on a lower priority, and that building had been put into use as a school, plus research facility. We arrived at the station underneath the former museum. The signage still said Central Post Office, reminding us of it\u8217\'92s past as a postal railway. We left the train, and started looking for an exit. We found an elevator leading up to ground level, but that one did not have power. The signs towards the normal exits seemed to lead nowhere, so we decided to follow emergency exit signs. These, again, lead us towards a gated-off hallway. We pushed the gate, and, although it was locked, it seemed the lock had seen better times. We applied some force to the lock, and it broke open. We continued our way, until we found a connecting hallway, with multiple options to go on. One option was a staircase leading up, with no signs, one seemed to almost directly lead out. We reasoned that leading out would get us caught almost instantly, especially since we had unconcealed weapons with us. Therefore, we took the route that stayed within the building. It seemed these hallways were part of an alternate entrance to the underground station, and therefore hadn\u8217\'92t been in use for decades. Just before we entered the regular part of the building, we found a map. We would enter the building on the third floor, just next to the main office area. From there, we would only need to move up two staircases to get to the broadcasting area. Also, since security was already on ground floor, we didn\u8217\'92t expect much in the way of a struggle. We walked up the staircases, not finding any struggle. Some people noticed us, but they were too afraid to warn anyone. Therefore, we reached the third floor, and broke into the broadcasting studio. We were greeted by screaming people. We told them to relax, but they didn\u8217\'92t really react for quite a while. A secretary picked up a phone to call for help, but put down the phone when I told her to so so. After that, we told people to sit down in one corner of the open area in the center of this floor. We then called the rest of the building, telling them we had taken the people on the third floor hostage for now, and that no reactions were expected to that. We told them explicitly to keep the television lines open, and that we would know if they were cheating that. The latter part was bluff for now, but we didn\u8217\'92t want to lose our connectivity to the outside. After that, we broke into the television studio of the news programme, and set to work to start a broadcast. We told the staff there that they had to cooperate with us, because we had taken hostages, but that nothing would happen if they cooperated. They looked frightened, but agreed to go to work. We asked them to set it up so the news-set would be broadcasted live on all channels. This would ensure that everyone was seeing our message. About fifteen minutes later, the broadcast was ready. We took that time to discuss what we actually wanted to broadcast precisely. We had talked about this before, but hadn\u8217\'92t reached an agreement yet. \line > How will this arc end?}}