{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif-BoldItalic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVuSerif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Epilogue}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \line Blub blub blub blub blub blub blub. Oh, sorry, I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t see you there. I\u8217\'92m Blubarious the Great, the leader of the Goldfish family. I\u8217\'92ve never bothered much with the world of mankind. They always struck me as a stupid bunch, not really willing to take much interest in anything but their own world. However, it seems they got us all into quite a bit of trouble, and, as always, it was caused by their destructive search for knowledge. After killing uncountable animals, just so they can see how they }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 used to}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  work, they decided they wanted to know how the world works. They found it out by the only way humans know: destroying it.\line You may wonder why I even understand the world around me. The reason is simple, we Goldfish always listen. We listen and learn, two skills humans claim to have, but rarely show.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\i1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i1 \line }{\f4\fs24\b0\i0 Forty years ago, I was born in the royal pond of the Westminster palace.  I was the crown princess of the Goldfish family, meaning I would inherit everything. Where humans had always seen men as the most important sex, we Goldfish see females as the stronger sex. }}