{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 John 2\line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s me again, John. You may have already heard of the revolts that happened after the execution of William. These revolts left a chaos in the world, but there was still hope. It seemed the revolts were slowly slowing down, with the changes proposed by the Council being taken seriously by most of the revolting group. This gave us all a chance to pick up our work again.\line \line Two weeks after the official disbanding of the revolt, a woman called me. Her name was Violet, and she told me she had something important to talk about. We agreed to meet in person, but, for practical reasons, we didn\u8217\'92t do it in a proper public space, and instead, decided to talk in a nice secluded restaurant. \line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We both arrived within a minute of each other; both a few minutes early. She looked beautiful, although she must have been in her early forties. That means that she would be around 20 years older than I am.  We greeted each other, and got shown our table. Our table was next to a window, overlooking a small plaza. We sat down, and started talking. She said that I must be wondering why she had chosen to contact me. She didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for a reply, and continued, stating she had heard of my obsession with finding out what had caused the Event to happen. I replied that I indeed had been looking into that for quite some time, but had found a dead end. She told me she might have found something, but that her source of information is rather strange. I replied that I didn\u8217\'92t care anymore at this point, because I had almost given up on ever finding more information anyway, so she wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to disappoint either way. She said it would really be a strange story, but continued, saying she had information on where Dennis .. Was, or where he had been recently. I asked her where he was, and how she knew. She replied that he was stuck on a shard somewhere near the center of the world, but that she didn\u8217\'92t want to say how she got the information. I told her I didn\u8217\'92t care in the slightest of ways. \line She said she would rather show me what she was able to do. She said she wasn\u8217\'92t sure, but thought she could show me. We agreed to head to her flat, and got to talk. She told me that she had managed to get in touch with the Entity. I looked at her with disbelief. I asked her how she was able to do that. She explained that she could talk to it in dreams. I thought that was really strange, but was intrigued. I asked her to prove it. She told me the Entity had taught her a way to look into the past, and observe what was happening there. She told me that I had been researching who were responsible for the Event, and that I was stuck after finding out Dennis and Arthur were involved. She told me that she had found out where Dennis was hiding, but would not be able to get there, because it\u8217\'92s a one-way trip. I asked her where he was. She replied that he was at the center of the Entity, stuck on a shard there. She told me that I might be able to visit it through dreams, but that I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to talk to Dennis that way. I asked her if we could try to go there together. She replied that that could perhaps be possible, but that she had never tried to let someone else follow her. \line She told me to relax, and hold her hands. She closed her eyes, and I did the same. We sat opposite each other, both with legs crossed. She told me to focus on her voice, and that she would guide me there. She told me to look for the light. I didn\u8217\'92t really understand what she meant by that, but tried anyway. Suddenly, I started to see a tunnel, with light at the end. I tried to head to it, but lost focus for a moment. She said, in a stern voice that I should really focus, because otherwise it wouldn\u8217\'92t work. I concentrated, and managed to regain my focus. I reached the light a few moments later, and saw Violet there. We were standing on a cloud. We weren\u8217\'92t the only persons there, there was a third person there. He introduced himself as the Entity, and said he preferred to be called Eric. Eric explained to me that I was chosen as one of the people to be the bridge between him and humanity. I asked him how many people there were in this task. Eric replied that there were around thirty people that he had contact with, around the globe. He explained that it was vitally important for the stability of the human world that we knew what had happened there, but needed to figure it out for ourselves. If he just flat-out told us, we wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to place it. The problem is, however, that the way there is one-way, so there\u8217\'92s no way for us to currently get the message out. We decided to observe the center of the storm, and therefore see Dennis on his shard. It took some effort for me to get used to this strange way of traveling, but, with Violet and Eric there, I managed to do so in the end. We saw Dennis sit in front of his home, writing in his diary. He must be so bored here, I thought. Just imagine the idea of your life only existing within such a small landscape. I wouldn\u8217\'92t see myself live through that for long. I wondered what kept him sane all these years, if he even still was sane. We saw him stand up, with effort, and walk to his dog. The dog walked towards him with a stick in his mouth. Dennis threw the stick, and the dog fetched it. We looked at each other, all of us feeling that Dennis probably didn\u8217\'92t have long to live anymore. He seemed to be quite sick, and almost at the end of his life. There was nothing we could do for him however. We all read through his diary, and therefore knew what had happened before the Event. I felt strange. I had wanted to know who was responsible for the Event, and why, but. I now knew what had happened, and wasn\u8217\'92t angry. I could actually understand his reasoning, and his feelings. I felt sad for Dennis, and what the decisions he had made had caused. I thought about how much the guilt must be eating at him, and felt sad for him. We stood there in silence for a few more minutes, and then decided to go back. Before we went back, Eric said he had something important to tell us. His ability to stay alive in our world, and live the way he was living now depended upon there being someone that lived on the Shard in the middle of the storm. Simply put, there needs to be a person living there which he can use to interface with our world. Even though the person will live their life normally, he can draw some sort of energy from the person, causing him to have the power to act within our world. Eric told us he couldn\u8217\'92t explain it better than that, but that without a person living there, he would be unable to sustain the current world. And, since Dennis was about to die, someone would need to replace him. He looked at us both expectantly. We looked at each other, and sighed. Eric continued that it would have to be someone who was already connected to the energy he was using somehow. Dennis was related to the event so tightly that he was a possible conduit, even though he wasn\u8217\'92t able to communicate directly. Eric told us that, since Arthur had died since the Event, only very few people were now able to take over Dennis\u8217\'92s place. And, of these people, only Violet and I would be possible candidates, since the rest would not be able to take the responsibility. I asked how long we would have to decide if we wanted to go, and who wanted to go. Eric said someone would have to replace Dennis in about a month. Basically, after his death, we would have around a week to replace him, after which the damage to the world would be irreversible. I replied that we would have to discuss this before we would make a decision. Eric said he understood that, and said he wouldn\u8217\'92t have wanted this to happen if it wasn\u8217\'92t absolutely necessary. He said he pitied us for even having to make this decision. Violet asked if two people could go. Eric replied that that would not be possible, because the link has to be made with one single person. The person has to live there alone, with just some animals as compagnions. He said he would try to ensure all possible life comforts would be there, but couldn\u8217\'92t do more than that. I asked if the person living there would be able to teleport elsewhere using dreaming. Eric said that that would be possible, but only for limited amounts of time, since the person\u8217\'92s soul has to be on the shard for most of the time. I asked if it would be possible for Violet and me to see each other again after one of the two of us had gone there. Eric said that that would indeed be possible. Both he and Violet looked at me with a puzzled face. He said that this was probably a good moment to send us back to our world, to prevent us from getting stuck here. We agreed, and woke up. Violet looked at me with disbelief, and I looked back in a similar way. We said nothing for a while, and then hugged each other. We were really disturbed by the idea of one of the two of us having to go there. We barely knew eachother, but I felt like a bond had already formed that I didn\u8217\'92t want to lose anymore. I was quite surprised by this, since I had never expected to feel this way about Violet. She looked me in the eyes, and asked me if I minded her speaking out her heart. I said I didn\u8217\'92t. She told me she couldn\u8217\'92t stand the thought of missing me. I told her I couldn\u8217\'92t stand the thought of missing her. We cried in each others arms for quite some time.\line The thought of one of the two of us having to leave was stuck in our heads for days. I had asked Violet if she minded me staying over at her place until we had to choose. She told me she would also really like that. We spent the hours we had together talking about our lives, hopes and dreams. It became clear to me that Violet shouldn\u8217\'92t be the one to go, because she had more ties to this world than I had. My only goal in life had been finding out who had done the Event, and why. I had fulfilled that goal, so now I could easily take over the post as the watchman at the center of the Event. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be a nice life, but it was an important task. Besides, I could still stay in touch with her, so not everything would be lost.\line A week later, Eric, Violet and I met again. Eric told us we would have to choose soon, because we still would need to arrange transport. Violet and I looked at each other. We were silent for a few moments, with me building up courage to talk. I saw Violet open her mouth, but I spoke first. I said I would go. Violet looked at me with tears in her eyes. I told her she would stand to lose more than I would, because I had already reached the goal I had been living for anyway. She would miss out on much more than I would. She said that that would be unfair, because I was a lot younger than she was. I told her that that would mean that it would take longer before someone else would have to take over the spot, so in a way, that would be better anyway. Besides, I said, I have a feeling that the person who lives there lives shorter than the persons outside anyway. So, we would probably live about as long. Eric said that that was a horrible thing to say, but it was true, because the person in the middle of the storm aged more quickly. It was an unfortunate side effect of living there. I asked Eric what I would need to do to prepare. He replied that I would only need to arrange my own transport. Since this was in the middle of the storm, he would be able to arrange almost anything I need. I asked him what kind of transport would suffice. He answered that the easiest would be to steal a glider, and use that to simply fly into the storm. I said that would take some effort. He nodded confirmingly. Eric asked if there were more questions we wanted to ask him, or if we should just keep it at this. I asked him if he knew where a glider was parked that we could easily steal. Violet said she knew a glider was parked two shards away that was barely protected. Eric said that she was correct in that. So, we agreed that I would steal that glider. I would travel there alone, but, since most of the transport is in cable cars, I could be with them by sleeping in the cable cars. We woke up to start planning my final journey. The first thing to arrange was access to travel permits for that route. But, since I had made good friends with the people at the cable car, this wasn\u8217\'92t much of a problem. I provided them with a good bottle of wiskey, and soon I had passes to head to my destination. Violet and I spent the last night I had in the Capital together. We talked through the night. The next day, she waved me goodbye at the entrance of the cable car terminal. We hugged for a moment, and both cried out. I said goodbye, with my voice barely carrying at all. Violet nodded, but was unable to speak at all. I turned around, and entered the building. Tears rolled over my face as I entered the waiting area. I sat down, and felt as though my life had just ended. In a way, it had. I was giving up my everything, so others could live on. In a way, I was like a hero, but really, I just felt sad. Time crawled by as I waited for my departure time. When it was finally time, I entered the cable car. After I entered my cabin, I tried to relax. I didn\u8217\'92t want Violet to see how sad I was feeling. I didn\u8217\'92t want her to feel bad about letting me go, instead of going herself. A few minutes later, I decided that wouldn\u8217\'92t be possible, so I tried to fall asleep without feeling relaxed. I just wanted to see her again, and be out of this hell. When I fell asleep, I met Eric, and no Violet. He told me that if I went to see her in this state, I would not be able to return to my own body, causing this mission to fail, and therefore causing me to force her to go instead. This got me somewhat back to my senses. Eric told me he was going to teach me to relax. He asked me to think of the most relaxing place I could think of. I felt myself suddenly sitting on the top of a hill, in a giant, undisturbed forest. There was a wind blowing through my hair, and I could see the trees in the forest move with the wind. But mostly, there was peace. Eric told me to not think about the problems I was having, but to just relax, and feel the wind. I tried to feel the wind, and smell the forest. However, I didn\u8217\'92t really get relaxed, because I was too upset by the thought of losing everything. Eric said, in a stern voice, that I needed to try harder. He changed the scene, to nighttime. The stars were beautiful. He asked me to try to count the stars. I thought this was stupid, but before I could say anything, Eric said that I just needed to do it, and not think about it. He said that I needed to stop thinking and start to calm down. So, I started counting the stars. As I continued counting, I could feel the stress starting to relieve somehow. So, even though I thought it was stupid, it did actually work wonders. I felt myself becoming calm again. He asked me if I started to really feel calm. I nodded. He asked me if I had started to make peace with my situation. I said I didn\u8217\'92t really, but that I was starting to find the strength to carry out what needed to be done. I said that I knew I had no choice but to continue, so I would continue. Eric replied that he was happy to hear that, because that meant he didn\u8217\'92t have to ask Violet to come after me, and take my spot. This thought got the reasoning me back. Eric told me that I seemed ready to talk to Violet. I nodded, and a few moments later, I was on a beach, with Violet standing next to me. She asked me how I was doing. I told her I was still stressed about it, but that I would be fine. I told her I was glad I didn\u8217\'92t ask her to take this spot, because it wasn\u8217\'92t a nice idea to have her take this spot instead of me. She told me she was glad that I was doing sort of okay, even though I obviously in quite a nasty spot. She said she felt sorry for me having to do this.  We hugged on the beach, and then sat down, observing the waves. We were happy for that moment, but also aware of the importance of the task I had to execute. About fifteen minutes later, Eric turned up, telling me it was time for me to say goodbye to Violet again, and wake up. I gave her a hug, and woke up. I continued my journey with another cable car. The journey seemed to go quicker than I expected, and soon I was nearing the point where I would need to steal a glider. When I arrived, I could already see the glider stand ready. It wasn\u8217\'92t even properly guarded, so I just walked up to it and took off. I was shouted at by people standing next to it, but I was already on my way. I set course for the center of the Entity, and moved forward. At this point, there was nothing I could do about it anymore. Even if I wanted, I couldn\u8217\'92t turn back anymore. So, at that moment, I felt myself become aware of the situation I had put myself in. I would become a hermit at the center of the Event, doomed to stay there until the end of my life, all alone. I saw my life flash by in front of me, from the start to school to my live\u8217\'92s mission, trying to find out who was responsible for the Event. Now that I had figured it all out, I felt a strange peace overcoming me. I felt like I was playing my role in life. \line I flew into the Event, and somehow slowed down as I entered the center of it. I soon landed on one of the two shards. Well, landed, crashed would be a better word. I crashed into a bunch of bushes, and came to a sudden stop. As I exited the glider, I saw a dog greet me. It was extremely happy to meet someone here. It let me pet it for quite a while, and then suddenly started walking decisively. It looked back at me, signing me to follow him. I decided to follow him, because it seemed it really wanted me to follow. We crossed a bridge, and walked up to another shard. There, a house was standing. It was quite a strange house, made of all kinds of different parts. It didn\u8217\'92t look too bad though. The dog walked inside, and I followed it. There, an old man was sitting in a chair. It seemed he didn\u8217\'92t have long to live anymore, and that all the strength had left him. I greeted him, and sat down next to him. He pointed at his diary, and I picked it up. With lots of effort, he asked me to continue writing in it. I promised him I would continue writing his diary. He then asked me to take care of the dog and the fish. I promised him I would do so. He looked at me in a confused way. I told him I knew what he had done, and why. I told him that, although it wasn\u8217\'92t entirely up to me, I forgave him. This seemed to put him at rest. He took a few more breaths. Then, he stopped taking breaths. I closed his eyes, and sat down next to him. \line I dug a grave for him a few hours later. The dog was observing me as I did so. I finished digging the grave, as the dog was still staring at me. I then looked for something to put Dennis in. I didn\u8217\'92t really want to put him into the ground like this; I wanted to give him a proper burial. I found some wooden planks that had been laying there in the end, and decided to build a casket for him. I finished building it, and put Dennis in it. I found some candles, and lit them around the casket. Then, I held a simple service, commemorating him. I felt tears coming up again. Even though I didn\u8217\'92t really know the guy, I felt sad for him. I lowered the casket into the hole, and stood next to the hole for a few minutes. Then, I started to put the ground back on top of it. With every movement of the spade I felt the weight of the world moving from his shoulders to mine. And, in a way, I was happy. After I finished putting back the ground, I sat down next to the grave. I closed my eyes, and concentrated on my breathing. I thought about Violet, and how she must be feeling at that moment. The thought of her being safe and sound made me feel relaxed. I fell asleep, and saw Violet in my dreams. I gave her a hug, and told her everything would be all right. She told me she was happy that I was doing this well. I told her I had made peace with my task within this world, and didn\u8217\'92t feel sad about it anymore.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i1 So, that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the story of my life, and how I ended up on this rock. I now live here, in the middle of nowhere, with nobody as company, except for my dog, and a fish. I have no way of leaving, but wouldn\u8217\'92t leave even if I could. My  life is simple, but has purpose, for, without me, nobody else would be alive. Also, I\u8217\'92m best friends with god. }}