{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 DejaVu Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Violet 2}{\f2\fs22\b0\i1 \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 After relaying William\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s final story to the revolutionaries at the Voice, I decided to return to the Capital. When I returned, I was asked what  I had been doing, leaving the Capital without an explicit task. I said that I had a lead there, but it turned out to be nothing. They wanted to ask more questions, but I answered that I had promised the lead to stay anonymous, and didn\u8217\'92t want to break the trust I was given. So, I was let off the hook.\line \line }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 About a month after William\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s death, my dreams started to return. I wasn\u8217\'92t sure what they meant this time, but felt like it wanted to teach me something. It seemed unable to explain what it was trying to tell me though. The dreams all went in the same way: first, I was walking on a plane of light, with a starry sky above me. Then, the ground disappeared, and I was floating through the stars. Finally, I fell through a strange hole in the sky, and ended on a small shard. After that, I woke up, every time. Just like the other dreams that were related to the Entity, I felt a strange truthfulness to this dream. My mind was, in a strange way, perfectly certain that this dream was real, in the same way you\u8217\'92re sure that the book you\u8217\'92re holding is real. So, naturally, I was very confused by these dreams. A few nights later, it was as though the dream suddenly got clearer. The dream still started in the same way, with me standing on a sort of plane of light. However, as the plane disappeared, I felt as though I suddenly had wings. I could fly around freely, not bound by gravity, or any other law of physics. As I flew around, I noticed the stars around me changing color. I then heard a voice, which I somehow already recognized. It told me that if I focused, I could change the world around me. So, I concentrated and was able to change the color of the sky around us to a dark blue tint. The Entity said I could do better, if I thought of bigger things. It told me I can already do a lot more than I think I can, but just need to trust myself to do so. I didn\u8217\'92t know what to think of, so I decided to just think about the place where I had spent my last holiday. It took some effort, but after a while, I could feel the sand between my toes. Then, I could see the sea splash near me. I could feel the water stream over my feet, moving the sand underneath me. I turned around, and saw the rocky inland. There was a path going up the cliffs, towards a lighthouse. When I turned around again, I saw a strange man standing there. He wasn\u8217\'92t there during my holidays, so I was surprised. He looked at me for a moment, and then walked towards me. He introduced himself as the Entity, but said he would prefer the name Eric, because that sounds more like he\u8217\'92s a living being, instead of a monster. He did a step to the right, and suddenly we where on the roof of a giant building. It had become nighttime. He told me that he wasn\u8217\'92t from our universe, and that he had powers that weren\u8217\'92t from this world. Simply put, from the perspective of our world, he could use magic. I looked bewildered at him, but continued listening. He continued, saying he saw in me a person with great potential, if I learned the right things. He told me that people can have an affinity for magic, just like he has. The breaking of the world-border did not only let him through, but also let some magic into our world. This brings risk, but also possibilities. I asked if this meant that I could perform magic, and if so, what kinds of magic. He told me that he was certain I could build an affinity for some types of magic, but wasn\u8217\'92t sure what types would work. Not everyone can do everything, and some types of magic are highly inadvisable to use. I asked him if he could teach me. He nodded, and with a movement of his hands, we changed locations again. This time, we were standing on the top of a hill. First things first, he said, it\u8217\'92s important to realize that, even though we\u8217\'92re in a dream, it still abides mostly by the rules of the real world. He threw a rock off of the hill, and you could see it fall in the same way you\u8217\'92d expect a rock to fall. He said that this made it a good place to train. \line He told me the first thing to realize is that the magic comes from a type of energy that\u8217\'92s around us. It has been there ever since the Event. It streams through the world, in the same way the storm always rotates. Any thing you\u8217\'92re doing with magic is basically changing the flow of this Energy. The Energy can be used for a lot of things, such as looking for things on long distance, or giving someone far away advice. He told me that basically, most of the things books from the old Earth told people about magic was, in some way or another, possible. He said that I would probably be best at observing, since that fits the nature of my character best. This probably also explained me wanting to become a journalist. He told me to focus on something I wanted to find. I thought about my boyfriend, Charles. For a moment, nothing seemed to happen, which frightened me. The chance of him having died during, or after the event was actually quite big. Eric told me to relax, and focus on finding him. If I didn\u8217\'92t focus, I wouldn\u8217\'92t find anything, he continued. So, I sighed, and regained my focus. I thought of him, his smile, his eyes, his hair, and could slowly see him stand before me. It was as though I slowly built up the scene of the place where he was. He was living in a farm, somewhere outside the reach of the cable car system. It seemed this shard wasn\u8217\'92t mapped yet. When I looked around, I felt weird. I saw a woman stand near him, with a child next to her. I just knew the child was his, just like I knew the woman was his. I felt my stomach turn. Eric must have seen what happened to me, because he broke off the scene. He told me this was the disadvantage of this skill. I could -sometimes- see a scene, but it can also be negative. Also, he warned me, not everything you\u8217\'92re seeing is real. Sometimes you\u8217\'92re seeing your own wishes, or fears. He told me he felt like the scene I just saw was probably real, but added, that it didn\u8217\'92t really matter, because I wasn\u8217\'92t destined to meet Charles again. I started crying, and stumbled out: how do you know all of this? The reply was, \u8216\'91Because I\u8217\'92m powerful to the point where I might as well be a god\u8217\'92. I looked at him for a moment, and nodded. I mean, really, yes, he is a god. He broke apart the earth, and rebuilt it. His will is what made this world the way it is now. He then told me I had learned enough today, and should get some normal sleep before waking up. I nodded in agreement, and with a movement of a hand, he changed the world into a sleeping room. I laid down on the bed, and fell asleep. I woke up in confusion, and with a heavy headache. I drank a glass of water, followed by a cup of coffee, and my head seemed to calm down again.\line \line I then went to work, still thinking of what I had seen the night before. My task for today was writing about the way the world had turned more peaceful, without the revolutionaries fucking everything up. I thought, sarcastically, that this would probably change again soon. Christopher didn\u8217\'92t seem like the kind of person to give up on his dreams. But, that\u8217\'92s not something the people in the Capital had any interest in reading, so I wasn\u8217\'92t writing about that. Instead, I wrote about how order had, once again, prevailed. I finished my work without interesting things happening, and went back home. As I entered home, I heard about the cable car strike. I was not surprised, because this seemed to be the kind of things they would go for. It wouldn\u8217\'92t hurt people straight up, but it would make a statement. This night, I had a similar dream again, and was taught about how to observe energy. I didn\u8217\'92t make a lot of progress this night, possibly because my head was elsewhere. So, after a few exercises, I was sent to bed. The next day, I entered office somewhat early, and was instantly asked to join an emergency meeting. We were tasked with creating coverage in a way that prevented major panic. We first thought of spinning it as a technical problem, but it soon became clear that the issues had already been leaked out among the regular population, so this was no longer an issue. Then, we were told to come to a secret location, because they wanted to show us something. It had been kept as a secret, to prevent revolutionaries from knowing beforehand about this, but the Council had secretly been working on new vehicles. We entered a hangar, and saw ten weirdly shaped planes. They looked like a weird hybrid of a transport plane and a rocket. The technology seemed quite primitive, and high tech at the same time. We were told by an engineer that it was built for cross-shard transport. It could take off and land almost vertically, and fly in the atmosphere of a shard. We were explained the technical features of the planes. After being toured around the facility, we were told that this would be the trump card in the battle against the revolt. The revolting people were thinking they were safe, since there was no real transport possible anymore, but, they didn\u8217\'92t know of these vehicles yet. My mind was with Christopher, and his starting revolt. I wondered if they would have a chance against the specialist forces that would man these gliders. I was interrupted by one of the project leads, who asked what I thought of these new gliders. I thought for a moment, and answered that it was a clear sign that we were starting to move forward as a society. It showed that we were almost back on the same technical level that we were before the Event. He smiled, and said he agreed with me on that, and was really happy about the results the glider project had yielded. I asked him why there were no weapon systems on the outside of the gliders. He answered that they didn\u8217\'92t want it to have a too oppressive appearance. The vehicles were, in principle, designed  as multi-purpose vehicles. Their first usage would be of paramilitary kind, but after that they could also have use for emergency transportations, VIP transit, and other, important tasks that had no military benefit. Besides, he continued, shards are tiny to the point where they have very few options for military use of external armaments. The only real way to engage in a military way is by landing, followed by ground combat. But, he added, this was not the main purpose of these vehicles.\line \line After the presentation of the new gliders, I went back to the office, and wrote my article. I handed it in a few hours later, and decided to go home. That night, I dreamt again. Within a few seconds, I managed to think of a landscape, and met Eric again. We practiced walking around through my own past. Then, he told me that, actually, there\u8217\'92s nothing keeping me to my own past, but I could also walk around through the world around me, at a certain moment in time. So, if I remembered what I was doing during the event, I could travel around in the world from that time. I would still need to be wary of the fact that time still moves forward, but transit can, in theory, be instant, as long as you\u8217\'92re able to think of the place where you want to go. I thought about the day of the event. I saw myself sit in my chair, watching the news. I saw myself pick up the phone, and talk to Mary. I saw myself pet my own cat. I tried to pet the cat, but it didn\u8217\'92t reply. I figured that I was merely an observer, and not a being within the world I was seeing around me. I tried to open the door, but couldn\u8217\'92t. Eric had appeared next to me, and said that I should instead imagine the hallway. I did so, and suddenly I was walking there. I walked through the hallway, and noticed it was really quiet in the building for the time of day. I guessed most people must have been watching television at this point. I stood still for a moment, bewildered by the amazing power I suddenly seemed to have got. I didn\u8217\'92t really know how to control it yet, but it seemed I was suddenly able to observe events that had happened in the past. I decided to continue walking. I thought of where I wanted to go next. I decided to look at my boyfriend (I guess by now ex-boyfriends) work. I closed my eyes, and concentrated for a moment. I suddenly heard him teaching children.  When I opened my eyes, I saw a classroom full of kids. They must have not been aware of the Event having occurred yet, because they were still busy working on math exercises. I looked at Charles, who seemed to happily enjoy doing his job. For a moment I forgot about all the things that happened since that moment, and felt in a way I hadn\u8217\'92t felt before. I wanted to hug him, and moved towards him. As I got close to him, I saw the scene fade away. I was back in my own room, and Eric was standing in front of me. He explained that I should not grow attached to the past, because that will make reality harder to bear. I nodded in confirmation, hurt by the reality I was put back into. He told me that he thought it would be best to keep the lessons at this for now, and to continue at a later point. I agreed, although I felt sad for not being able to see more of the past, but could see the risks to removing myself from the world for too long. \line The days after this, I was occupied with the revolt that was going on. The gliders had been sent away, but only three of them had returned a few days later. This called for investigation, which was started a few days after. However, it seemed the Council was permanently one move behind, because by the time this had happened, the water supply was taken over by the Revolt. They seemed to be mostly concerned with annoying us, and not actually doing damage. This struck me as at least somewhat noble, although their strategy had shifted significantly after William\u8217\'92s death. This made me wonder if his execution had been a good idea. I sighed, and tried to think of other things, because the thought of William\u8217\'92s execution was already extremely sad without the thought of it being useless added to it. \line The blocking off of the water supply did not immediately affect life in the Capital much. After a day, the Council started to set rations to water, and limited the flow of water to houses. The water storage of the Capital would be enough for about a week, I heard from reliable sources. I was tasked with writing articles on how to save water, and articles aimed at saving public morale. In the streets you could see people getting more worried by the day. It seemed the sense that the Council was capable of protecting everyone was dwindling by the hour. Most of the entertainment-based parts of society grinded to a halt, because people no longer felt motivated to do them. Even though all that had happened was a limit to the water supply, it felt as though our very existence was put at risk. Meanwhile, I mostly felt a strange sense of excitement. I wasn\u8217\'92t afraid of the future, because I had seen the leaders of the Revolt, and knew they weren\u8217\'92t trying to hurt people, so I could just observe the showdown of two powers. A few days later, observers found out that the water supply was vacated, just before a military intervention was due. The gliders the revolutionaries had captured had flown away behind a cloud, destination unknown. The information on where they were going would probably take days to arrive by cable car. Gliders had not yet been spread around the world, and no real mass communications systems existed yet. So, the revolutionaries were gone without a trace, and it would take a week for their position to become known again. In that time, they could just haze the Council, showing people the limits of its power.\line \line As the revolt went back to the background, I started to relax again. Even though we all knew they would strike again soon, life got back to sort of normal. I was able to focus again during a dream. I decided to focus on the day the Earth broke apart into pieces. I managed to see myself at the spot I was at that moment. Eric told me that I should know that I\u8217\'92m not in any way bound by my real self. Just because I, so far, had only stood on the ground didn\u8217\'92t mean that I necessarily was bound by gravity. He told me to try to fly, by focusing on being light, and going up.  I tried to do so, but nothing happened. He told me to think that I was an object in water, bubbling back to the surface. I tried to do so, and focused deeply on this. To my own amazement, I left the ground. I could suddenly hover in the air, in a totally strange way. Sure, I\u8217\'92ve dreamt of being able to fly before, but this was different, since it was me who was controlling it. I enjoyed the moment for a bit, and then flew to a nearby shard. I saw people sitting next to a house that had burned down. Their shard was tiny, and seemed to have no resources at all. I thought: these people have no chance of survival, whatsoever. I got really down for a moment, thinking of the fact that these people had already died, and probably of starvation. I decided to move on, and fly along. I saw lots of people stuck on small shards, but also quite a few bigger shards that seemed to actually have a chance of survival. I then thought it would be a good moment to see how my cat was doing. So, I flew in the direction where London had been. The sun was still somewhat visible, so I could derive the direction of north. Eric interrupted me, saying there\u8217\'92s no need to fly at this kind of a low speed. Instead, I could go a lot faster, just by thinking of going faster. I didn\u8217\'92t really understand what he meant. He tried a second time, saying, basically, it\u8217\'92s as though you think you\u8217\'92re in a tunnel, and the lights are passing at an increasing rate. It\u8217\'92s all about finding the metaphor that allows you to understand the world, and therefore manipulate it. I thought about that for a moment, and then focused on the concept of lights flashing by. I could feel myself increase velocity as I increased the frequency at which the lights passed by. In no-time I was seeing shards that looked more like the suburbs of London. I flew towards the outer rim, where my home would have been. It was quite tricky to figure out where I precisely was, because shards had shifted in vertical as well as horizontal positions. After some time, I found a shard which I recognised as being only a few streets away from my home. Therefore, I started to look at the shards around it. As I did this, I could, move around at an increasingly precise way. I no longer was limited by needing to move around, instead, as I started to want to be somewhere, I suddenly was there. I didn\u8217\'92t know how I learned to do this, but I suddenly was able to do so. After looking at around fifteen different shards, I found my own flat. Here the Entity interrupted me, saying: if you get near a place which you already know, you have to take special care. You might enter the world you want to have existed, instead of the world that actually existed. I thought about that for a moment, and then replied: how do I take care of this? He replied that I would mostly have to move slowly, and try not to get too emotionally invested in the things I might find. I replied that I understood. I took a deep breath, and moved slowly towards my appartment building. Most of the windows of the building had gone, but the building itself seemed to be mostly intact. I looked at the front-door, and moved to the hallway behind it. There, I found out that most of the lights had broken, and the internal walls had cracks in them. However, other than that, it was still fine. Some of the rooms had a smell of fire in them, so there was quite extensive damage. It seemed that most of the contents of the building would probably not survive for much longer. Normally, sprinklers would take out the fire, but these relied on the water supply, and since this shard\u8217\'92s water network was cut off from any water supplies, there was no way for that to happen. Besides that, there was no fire department that would be able to reach it. Hopefully though, it wouldn\u8217\'92t totally perish in the fire. I sighed and took a moment to regain my calm, trying not to get too emotional over the thought of my home being utterly destroyed. Even though I hadn\u8217\'92t lived there for over five years now, I still felt like it was my place most of all places I had ever lived in. I walked on, towards my own apartment. I reached it a bit later, and took a moment before entering. As I entered, I saw that it was quite a mess. Most of the objects in the room had been severely damaged, or destroyed. There was water everywhere, probably from the earthquakes before the Event broke apart the world. There was no fire though, so that was something. I was looking around for the cat, but didn\u8217\'92t find him. I didn\u8217\'92t find a dead cat either, which struck me as good news. So, I decided to look for clues on where it could have gone. I found some fur on one of the window stills; he had been shedding a lot lately. I exited the building through the same window, and saw that it had probably followed a water pipe on the outside of the building. I flew next to it, looking carefully for evidence of a cat having walked there. I found a few cat hairs on a point where the water pipe crossed an emergency staircase. I guessed the cat may have taken the staircase down to street level, and followed that route. Down the staircase, I found a few people, sitting next to the building. They were my neighbors, who had always been nice people, although they had a weird hobby of making lots of strange noises during the night. I don\u8217\'92t mean bed-related, but actually strange noises, like, the kind of noises you would hear in a 70s horror movie. I observed them for a moment. They seemed to be in shock of the event. This took me a moment to realize, but it finally dawned on me that, to them, the Event had only just happened. I lived five years after it, but to them, this had happened only about an hour ago. They had been watching stupid soap series on television, and suddenly, their world had broken into pieces. I felt very emotional all of a sudden. I felt sad for them, because they had just lost their everything. Ah well, at least they would stand a high chance of survival, because there was still a supermarket with quite high stocks on this shard, and, since most people were at work at this time, they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to share their supplies with a lot of people. This gave me at least some feeling of relief for them. I stood there for another moment, and then continued looking for my cat. It may have seemed stupid to almost everyone in the world, but, to me, my cat was extremely important at that moment. I didn\u8217\'92t care about it surviving, but I did want to know what had happened to it. I found more cat hairs on the path to a small nook near the building, in which the cat was hiding. It seemed scared, but otherwise fine. I wanted to pet it, but realized I couldn\u8217\'92t, so I didn\u8217\'92t attempt to do so. I felt a sadness coming up, almost overcoming me. I fought back, and managed to stay calm. I stood up, and walked around again. When I turned around a corner, I met the Entity. He told me I may want to learn how to exit this world myself. I confirmed this, and he said it\u8217\'92s actually quite simple. The trick is to close your eyes, and think about your real-world position. This means it was vitally important for me to remember where I went to bed in the real world, to prevent getting lost here forever. Or, at least, until he would find me, and put me back in my own body, in my own world. I decided this would be a good moment to try this out, and closed my eyes. I thought of my room in the Capital, and my bed. After a few seconds, I woke up in my own room. Somehow, I did so exactly at the same time of my alarm clock. This struck me as odd, but I didn\u8217\'92t think too much of it. Compared to the other things happening, waking up at a convenient time seemed to be unimportant.\line \line For a few days, nothing seemed to happen. This made everyone in the capital wary, because there was no way the revolt had just ended there. After that, the revolt continued in strength. First, they had taken over arms factories.}{\f4\fs24\b1\i1  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 I started to feel like this could not continue on nicely. They started to become increasingly aggressive, meaning the Council would soon have no choice but to attack fiercely. I had a feeling something must have gone wrong, causing them to become more erratic, because suddenly they attacked, using only one plane. Even though it seemed they had crashed, and perished in the fire, they managed to somehow sneak into the Broadcasting building unscratched. I was working on the fourth floor when it happened, at the office of the newspaper. I remember the chaos starting out of nowhere. I was writing a stupid article, I don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t really recall what it was about, when I suddenly heard screams from the floor below us. Other people started to panic, and observed what happened. I meanwhile stayed relaxed, thinking there was no reason for alarm just yet. We soon figured out that the floor below us was put into a hostage situation. We decided to just stay put, and see what would happen after. We didn\u8217\'92t want to push the hostage takers into doing anything stupid. One of the people on our floor took out playing cards, and mots of us just started to have fun. This relieved some of the stress of the situation. I however, decided to keep track of what was happening one floor below, to try and get an as detailed as possible report of the situation. As I finished everything I was able to gather from the floor above us, I heard someone say that there was something important on the television. It was the hostage takers, who had taken over all television stations. We listened carefully to their demands, and were relieved when we were told that we would be let go soon. We were starting to get tired and hungry. The hostage-takers came to pick us up. We were let past the third floor. After that, it was just walking down staircases until we were outside. I felt really relieved, and wanted to go straight home. However, I was held up by my editor, who told me I was put on overtime duty, because someone had to keep reporting on the situation. I replied that nothing was going to change for at least six hours, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to listen. He told me that people wanted to hear about it, even if nothing changed. So, I was sent to a makeshift office location, which had been set up to allow us to continue working. Luck had it that I had taken my handwritten notes on what had happened in the building with me, so I could easily start writing about the situation there. We decided that we were going to do an additional edition of the newspaper, which would be released in the evening. This edition would contain special information on the hostage situation, and would possibly already include some Council replies to the situation. I first wrote an article on the situation there, as I had experienced it. I decided to improve my story, by asking some of the other people that were in the building about how they had experienced it. This is how I ran into John.  \line John seemed like a strange kind of guy. I didn\u8217\'92t know him, but somehow, he seemed like a nice guy to me. We talked about his experiences during the hostage situation. He didn\u8217\'92t seem too bothered by it, stating that he was happy that he wasn\u8217\'92t taken as a hostage, and felt for the people that were still stuck in the building. Long story short, his answer was the typical answer.\line After talking to John and quickly finishing this part of my story, I was tasked with trying to get important people to speak their minds. This is typically a really ungrateful task, because it\u8217\'92s rare for this to have any effects whatsoever. After talking with five of them, it became clear they all had the same message: they felt for the people taken as hostage, and hoped that it could be resolved without anyone getting hurt. They all condemned the crime. However, none of them wanted to talk about a response to it. After writing this into a short article, I went home. I arrived at around 3 AM, and went to bed straight away.\line It took me some time to fall asleep; I was stuck in thought. I thought about the hostage situation. Then, just as I was about to fall asleep, I thought about John. Something about that guy made me feel really weird, as though he was somehow extremely important. After falling asleep, I met with Eric, who told me that I had an important role to play in events to come, but that he couldn\u8217\'92t tell me why. He did however tell me that it might be wise to look into John, and who he is. So, I tried to head to a moment in the past, where John was already working in the building. After some effort, I managed to find him while he was walking through a hallway. I followed him around, until he entered his office. When he entered his office, I saw him get back to his work. He was working on creating the financial plans for a research proposal for the design of a new type of transportation, allowing affordable fast transportation for people and goods. He was responsible for supplying proof that the idea was financially sound. However, this didn\u8217\'92t feel like the sort of thing he would want to work on. I looked through the office, and found some papers hidden in one of the boxes. Somehow, I was able to read things even though they weren\u8217\'92t lit. I couldn\u8217\'92t see them, strictly, but could still read them. I found a document, where he stated that he wanted to look into Dennis de'Moivre and Arthur Quincy, because they may have been involved in the start of the Event. There was a circle around Dennis\u8217\'92s name, so I guess he was more important. He said that their locations had been unknown after the Event, and that their deaths were probable. I didn\u8217\'92t recognise these names, but I did think it was really intriguing to see new information on the cause of the Event. I got enthusiastic, and wanted to continue working. Then I remembered that I should take care not to stay in this reality too long, and I decided therefore to  leave this for now. I closed my eyes and focused. After some effort, I woke up.\line I went back to the temporary location for my work. It was in a strange way, relaxed. We had reported on everything that had happened, and were now, in a way, waiting for something new to happen. This, however, is how news typically works. It isn\u8217\'92t quiet when nothing is happening, it\u8217\'92s quiet when there are no new stories to tell. At that moment, no story was important enough to tell, and the next newspaper wouldn\u8217\'92t be due until tomorrow. We expected so much to change before then that there was no point in writing anything down yet. A few hours later, the news started to flow again. This time, it seemed the dam that had been holding the flow had collapsed in seconds. The Council had first held a meeting with the hostage takers. This was newsworthy in itself, but nothing really important had actually happened. The events that took place a few hours later were far more extreme. The Council had decided that it was time to end the hostage situation by force. They had broken into the building, and killed almost all hostage takers. Because of good planning and high skill level, none of the hostages was even hurt. The Council decided to use this as a situation to show off the skill level of the special guards. One of the hostage takers was still on the lose, and the guards were looking to find him. Finding him should be a matter of time though, because his face was well known. He didn\u8217\'92t get caught however, and nothing important happened the rest of that day. After finishing up my articles, I therefore just went home.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line After dinner, I immediately went to bed. I didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like doing anything fun, instead I just wanted to dream, and try to find Dennis. I managed to dream up the building in which Dennis and Arthur had been doing their research. Normally, these kinds of buildings would be impossible to enter without a permit, but, nobody cares about ghosts. Therefore, I was able to enter in no time. I had figured out before that I could just follow my instincts to know which way to go, and somehow I would end up where I wanted to be. Therefore, after some walking around, I managed to find the room in which Dennis and Arthur were preparing their experiment. The setup looked frightening, with lots of blinking lights and complicated displays. I didn\u8217\'92t understand in the slightest what was going on there, but I felt instinctively that this was the place where it was going to happen. The only question was how long it was going to take before the Event would start. The Entity also entered the room, and told me that I could skip through time by closing my eyes and thinking of the moment you want to go to. It\u8217\'92s actually just like moving through space, but just a bit more strange, because humans aren\u8217\'92t used to moving through time. I closed my eyes, and tried to move to the moment just before the experiment was started. It took me a bit of effort, but I managed to get there in the end. I saw Arthur and Dennis set up the experiment. The setup started buzzing and sparks flew around. It seemed to be working flawlessly though, and Arthur and Dennis were quite happy with the initial results. \line As the sphere started to get out of control, Dennis ran away. He left the building in a hurry, and got a cab to get away from there. From there, he took a train west, into France. It seemed he had prepared for this eventuality. He went to a hotel some distance away, in France. He seemed to really want to get away from it as quickly as possible. I decided that the hotel would be a good spot to return to later, and woke up. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The next day, Christopher still hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t been found. Halfway through the day though, someone came by with a package for me. It contained Christopher\u8217\'92s journal. I quickly read through it, but found nothing new in there. I decided to keep it until an opportunity presented itself for all of this information to be combined. For now, I would just keep it stored safely, at home. After an uneventful day at work, I went home again, and started dreaming.\line I was almost instantly back in the hotel where Dennis had gone to. I decided to skip forward a few weeks, because I guessed that Dennis would stay there for quite some time. I was correct in this guess, four weeks later, he was still there. By this time, the Sphere had grown immensely in proportions. It seemed Dennis got increasingly aware of the damage he had done, but wasn\u8217\'92t able to stop it, or help with the fight against it. He was fully aware that the Entity outclassed anything on Earth. I skipped to the day before the fateful day. Dennis must have seen in the news that the Entity was getting attacked, because he decided to leave home. I followed him, as he first took a bus to a nearby nature area, and then climbed a small mountain. From the mountain, you could already see the Entity; it had grown }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  much. I could easily see that Dennis was getting quite anxious by the thing he had set free here. He hadn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t wanted this to happen. The attacks came, the same way I remembered, and then the ground started to move. First came the earthquakes. We weren\u8217\'92t that bothered by them, probably because we were somehow too close, meaning the impact was less, somehow. Both me and Dennis were waiting for what would come next. Dennis fell to his knees as he saw what was starting to happen. He watched with disbelief as the Earth started to break into pieces. He collapsed onto the ground, only now realizing how much damage he had done. I could see that he was really not happy with what was going to happen. He must have thought this to be the end of the world. I switched my focus to watching the Entity. It seemed to have grown substantially over the last few minutes. It was now starting to move down, towards the core of the Earth, while the shards were moving away from the core. No matter how many times I saw this scene, it still seemed surreal to me. Sure, I was used to the world after the Event by now, but still, the transition of the world before the Event to the world after the Event was bizarre. Just after this moment, somehow, our shard didn\u8217\'92t go up with the others. Instead, it started to move down. Somehow, the force that was moving the other things up wasn\u8217\'92t affecting our shard. So, we moved towards the weird hybrid of the Entity and the core of the Earth. I expected this to be our end, but it wasn\u8217\'92t. The shard continued  moving down, moving into the storm below. Dennis seemed to have accepted his death, but faith seemed to have a different future set out for him. We moved into the storm without being hurt. It seemed our shard got some sort of a bubble around it, protecting Dennis from being killed by the storm around the shard. It continued moving down, until it reached the center of the storm, and stopped there. Once I figured this out, I decided it was time to leave this reality. I thought back on my own home, but I couldn\u8217\'92t figure out how to get back anymore. I seemed to be stuck here, because I had stayed for so long that I didn\u8217\'92t remember my real place in the world. I sat down, and thought. I thought back on what had happened since the Event. The memories seemed to be distant to me, stories almost. I thought back on the flat where I lived before the Event. I suddenly was in my flat. I could see myself sit there, with Meow and Charles there as well. As I walked around in my flat, it seemed to still be unreal. I gave it some time, trying to recall details of my life here. I remembered the fridge magnets on the fridge-door. They were souvenirs from holidays in Spain. After I stabilized this memory, I decided to move forward in time, towards the day of the Event. I saw myself drive on the road, on my way from nowhere in particular, back to home. I could see the ground start to tremble. I saw the farmhouse, that was catching fire. I remembered this fully now, and decided to move on. My trip to the Capital came back to me, and from there, I was able to find back my home. From there, I started to remember the history of what I had been doing after the Event. I finally started to remember where I had fallen asleep, and in what situation I had been. I remembered why I had gone here, and then, finally, I woke up. \line I decided it would be best to involve John into this, because he would probably really want to know this. Thus, I started to look for information on how to find him. It wasn\u8217\'92t hard, since I already knew where he worked, so I quickly found his phone number.}}