{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My name is Dennis #, and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve somehow stumbled upon my lives work; my autobiography. Given the events leading up to here, it\u8217\'92s quite remarkable that this work found it\u8217\'92s way to you. I never thought anyone besides me would read this work. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Perhaps the best way to start this story is by describing a normal day in my life. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Like most days, I woke up around six this morning. This enables me to get some work done, before the light in the sky gets too hot. But before doing anything, I draw a line on the wall, so I can count the days since I started living here. The last time I bothered to count, I quit counting at eight thousand, so I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve lived here for over twenty years now.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 You may be wondering why I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve lived here for so long, but you could say that there\u8217\'92s something keeping me here. I live on a rock in the middle of a permanent storm, and have no way to leave. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The storm only has one big advantage, it brings materials, which I can scavenge. Anything can end up here, from food to building materials to children\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s toys. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The thing I most hope to find is written material, but that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s unfortunately quite a rare find. This is mostly caused by the fact that the storm heavily damages most things that pass through it. Since most data in the rest of the world is digital, I mostly find broken memory cards. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After completing my round, and repairing any damage done by the storm, I usually tend to my farm, removing weed, and watering crops that need water. After that, I spend the rest of the day on improving my house and surrounding area. One of the projects I recently completed was the hanging bridge to the other island. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My breakfast highly depends on what washes up here. Today is a good day, because I found coffee a few days back. Sometimes though, I have to go weeks without coffee. Besides that, most of my food is easy-to-conserve food, since most other food is stale by the time it ends up here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 But who am I fooling by writing this down as though everything is pretty and all, we all know what events caused me to live here. It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not as though I choose to take a twenty-year sabbatical at the end of the world. The truth is, I\u8217\'92m stuck here on this rock. I have been stuck here for over twenty years now, and have long given up on ever leaving it. The event-that-changed-the-world left me stuck here, and then I was no longer able to return to the rest of the world. The energy-field around my place renders travel for anything living impossible. My house is safe though, because it\u8217\'92s in the center of the energy-storm. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Some people would consider living here a punishment, and would wonder what they had done to deserve it, but I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t like to think like that. The truth is, I don\u8217\'92t really mind living here. I was never a very sociable person, always minding my own things. Here, nobody ever complains. Here, nobody asks you about your achievements. Instead, I can just do my thing, without worrying about anyone else, and what their opinions might be. Nevertheless, the loneliness does sometimes get to me. I especially miss having people to talk to, to debate philosophical and scientific questions. And, although my ex-wife hates me, I would have still wanted to see my son again.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The rock I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m living on has a small shelter, which I\u8217\'92ve improved to become a proper home over the years, using the materials that end up here. For this reason, my house looks like it wasn\u8217\'92t designed, but rather, grew over time. The first floor is built using metal plates, with wooden beams to support it. I found some transparent plastic plates one day, so I added windows to my home. The plates weren\u8217\'92t in a regular rectangular shape, but I decided I liked the irregular shapes. For this reason, none of the windows on my house looks the same as any of the others.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When walking out of the door, you first pass a small grassy piece of land, and then end at the Bridge. It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s quite mossy grass, because it rains quite a bit here, and any plants that can\u8217\'92t handle the rain here have no chance of surviving.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The Bridge took quite some effort to build, because the gravity fields of both rocks extend quite far, and there was no way to reach the other rock yet. However, one day a long rope ended up on my rock, and I used that to create a rope-connection between both sides, enabling me to traverse between both locations, greatly simplifying the construction of a bridge. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of my own rock is filled with farmland, to ensure a minimal food production, but mostly, to keep myself occupied during the day. I get most of my food from scavenging though. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The other rock I left mostly untouched, only using it as a place to meditate and write. I only take care to prevent it from getting overgrown. Since I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t really need this space anyway, I decided I just keep it the way I found it. I do still gather whatever materials end up on this rock, because resources can sometimes be scarce here. Because of the direction of the storm though, fewer materials end up on this rock, compared to my original rock. But still, one pack of coffee can make the difference for quite a while.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Since a few years, I also have a dog. I decided to call it Atropos, named after one of the three goddesses of fate in Greek mythology. I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m not sure how it ended up here; I guess it must have come here with the storm. This bewilders me though, because the only living things making it through the storm seem to be creatures of low intelligence, such as flies or fish. Other animals seem to mostly get killed, and arrive here as carcasses. I always assumed this was because the storm made the brains of more intelligent creatures to be damaged beyond repair. I don\u8217\'92t complain about my theory being wrong though, Atropos is an amazing dog. She\u8217\'92s always on my side, and a willing listener, when I\u8217\'92m contemplating about life.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 One of the advantages of the place I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m living is that throwing a stick is quite intriguing. The gravity field of the rock is spherical, and quite small. This means that, to throw a stick here, you have to take care of not throwing it too fast, otherwise it will escape the sphere of influence of the rock, and you will never see it again.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 During my first years here, I used to write letters, put them in containers and throw them off of this rock, hoping they would find someone to read them.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After breakfast, I start my scavenging round. This means walking around both rocks, looking for things that weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t there the day before. This can be almost anything, from plants to food to children\u8217\'92 s toys. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Since my two rocks aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t that big, I can usually finish my round in a few hours. Just as I thought today\u8217\'92s round would be an uneventful one, with only some scrap material found, I noticed movement in the pond. I blinked a few times, because I couldn\u8217\'92t believe my own eyes. Also, you have to be wary of the things you\u8217\'92re seeing, after you\u8217\'92ve lived without company for as long as I have. But even after pinching my arm, I still saw it. In the otherwise-dead pond, there now was a fish. It\u8217\'92s existence intrigued me. Questions raced through my head; Where did it come from? Why is it here? How did it survive it\u8217\'92s travel from where-ever it came? I tried asking the fish, but it didn\u8217\'92t have an answer to any of my questions. This of course makes perfect sense, since it\u8217\'92s a fish. However, try living without human company for 25 years, and see how you react to suddenly seeing another living being. Besides, who knows what else changed after the Event. After observing the fish for a while, I came to two conclusions. One, fishes probably behave exactly like they do before the event, and two: it\u8217\'92s probably hungry. I ran back to my storage room, and started looking for fish food. I knew I found it a while back, and, since I had space left for it, decided against throwing it away.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The fish seemed to like the food I gave it. It could be wishful thinking, but I think I see it move a lot more happily now that it has had food.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Before the Event, my life was different. I wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t call it wild, but I enjoyed my life. I was a theoretical physicist, and a renowned one at that. My field of research was mostly into the fundamentals of matter and energy. When I was studying it, String Theory and Quantum Physics where starting to become understood. Or at least, they seemed to describe the world quite well. The world b\u233\'E9fore the Event, that is. At that time I often wondered about the scale of the universe, and how much of it we were able to observe.  Like most other theoretical physicists, I could not reasonably prove that there wouldn\u8217\'92t be things besides our observations, but, without proof, it stayed a subject of philosophical wonder, rather than a scientific one. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t think anyone could have foreseen how much we weren\u8217\'92t seeing. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Theoretical physics generally isn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t the type of research that\u8217\'92s flashy or extreme. The experiment setups used are almost always atrociously expensive, but the results are generally not exciting for anyone who isn\u8217\'92t a theoretical physicist. However, during one experiment, I noticed a weird fluctuation that couldn\u8217\'92t be explained by generally accepted laws of physics. The particles observed seemed to change directions at random, regardless of the rest of the observed material. From this, I concluded that these particles must be influenced by an external, as of yet unknown, force. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After verifying this with some colleagues, I presented my results in a scientific paper. This paper was met with mixed enthusiasm. Journalists seemed to generally love it, but my peers seemed to think I was making things up. Nevertheless, it caused quite a stir in the scientific world, granting me the possibility to obtain significant funds for future research.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I attracted a few team-members, and was permitted to use a special laboratory in Switzerland. I designed an built a special container, designed specifically to not permit other influences. From the previous experiments, we had some idea on how to create the new particles. Thus, our concept was to create these particles in two containers, devoid of means of communication through any known method. This should at the very least provide insight in if these particles are able to communicate with eachother through as of yet unknown means.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A couple of months later, this set-up was ready, and we started running our experiments. It turned out the results were even more bizarre than we thought. The particles not only seemed to share information, but they also seemed to change their behavior, in order to optimize for certain factors of their environment. Also, changing aspects about one container made the particles in the other container aware of these changes as well. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After a while we noticed something even more baffling, the particles seemed to start affecting the limited available regular matter, changing their properties substantially. While it was only visible briefly, and showed only tiny bits of light, the results showed promise.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, our experimental setup was too small to have more that. Therefore our results were still quite limited. This was a necessary limit of our setup, because we couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t create the circumstances required for the particles to start existing for bigger containers.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We redid the same experiment a multitude of times. Every time, the results seemed to differ quite wildly, but every time some strange aspects were observed. However, since we were running quite low on funds, we decided to demonstrate our set-up, and publish the results.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The demonstration was a disaster. Somehow, this was the first time the result was not strange, but rather, shockingly normal. All the press and other scientists saw our, expensive, set-up do nothing more than light up a few LED lights. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Thus, instead of becoming heroes, me and my team were put in doubt. Some scientists said it could be the result of the so-called demo effect, but for most people, it just seemed like yet another example of physicists wasting public money. We tried to prove our research was actually real, but all of our results could have just as easily been made up as actually detected, so nobody believed us. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 To save his own name, one member of my team started to claim that the research was faked, and soon my reputation was destroyed. He was a promising scientist, so, in a way, I can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even really blame him. Still, it hurts to be let down by the people you worked with for years. I tried talking to him about it, but he said he didn\u8217\'92t want to talk about it, saying I almost destroyed his career. He said that I should never contact him again.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After this, things got worse quickly. Every parody newspaper started doing articles about my work, and the entire world was laughing. In a few weeks, years of work was undone, and my career seemed to be over.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Some of my colleagues even handed my work in at a science-fiction writing contest. They said it was interesting, but fundamentally flawed, because it was too unbelievable.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Since I built my entire life around my scientific career, my entire life started collapsing with my career. I lost contact with my friends, who all seemed to not want to be around me anymore. I felt like I was falling into an abyss, with no way to climb up. Over the next weeks, I continued falling, until I almost hit rock-bottom. I was almost ready to just give up and end it there. However, during an evening walk, in which I was contemplating my life, a miracle happened. I met Cecilia. She saw me walking, and recognized me. She asked me how I was doing, and I just collapsed into tears. All the emotions of a few months of pain and disbelief were turned into tears. She waited kindly, and, when I was done, provided me with a tissue. She told me that there\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s life besides your career, and also, that things can get better again. Even though I didn\u8217\'92t believe her at this time, I still got calmed by her words. Even though I had only met her an hour before that, I felt like she was the kind of person I wouldn\u8217\'92t mind being around. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We started walking again, and she got me talking about things I liked doing. She told me that I should try to find something I want to be doing, and start doing that. If nobody is going to believe you anyway, you might as well start writing Science Fiction, she said jokingly. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know is that I had actually been an unknown Science Fiction-writer, anonymously releasing short-stories online. They were quite loved by a small community.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A few days later, we met again, and hung out. It was as though we had always been friends. I decided to show her my work, and asked her if she believed that I was telling the truth. She told me that she believed me. Knowing this, I could find some peace with what happened with my scientific career, and leave it behind. I decided to leave the scientific community forever, and focus on what people thought I was already doing anyway: writing science fiction. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Over the following weeks, our contact got closer and closer, and at one point she asked me when I was going to ask her on a data. I blushed, and asked \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91right now?\u8217\'92. She jokingly remarked that she was very surprised about that. }{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Funny romance section}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next months, our contact got even increasingly intense. We moved in together a few months later.  During that time I was happier than I had ever been before. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Half a year later, she got pregnant. I felt like my life couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t get any better. I got more joy out of designing the baby room than I ever got out of science. The simple pleasures of choosing paint, and which crib we should buy got me immensely happy.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After doing my round, I decided to walk around, and care for the nature on both rocks. My favorite spot is on the other side of my rock, compared to my home. I jokingly call this the south pole, just like I call the place where my home is the North Pole. Compasses don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t work on the rock though, I think the storm renders them useless.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  Two months later however, everything changed. We were starting to move to a different, bigger, house, and I was sifting through old object we still had lying around. Among these, I found my wife\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s diary. Though I felt like I was infringing on her privacy, I couldn\u8217\'92t hold my perceived need to read it. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Reading through it, I felt quite happy, because it showed she really loved me a lot. However, on one of the pages, I read something that shocked me. She said there that she really thought I should give up on my scientific career, because I was making myself look like a fool. She said that she thought my ideas were insane, and wondered how anyone could even believe the things I was saying. This made me feel sick, because it felt like betrayal. It felt like she had entered my life based on a lie.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I managed to continue my life as-is for a while, although it seemed to have lost it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s color. Things that were fun suddenly seemed to have no more value. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I decided to confront my wife about this, but, instead of apologizing, she got angry at me. It was all my fault, I should have never read that diary to begin with. I suppose that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s correct, but it\u8217\'92s nothing compared to her not believing me. I mean, how can anyone lie to someone about something that person thinks is so important? Even if I made it a too big part of my life, lying about that\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Knowing she never believed in my research, I could no longer trust her opinion on me continuing it. I decided that I wanted to continue my research, and was willing to sacrifice quite a lot for this.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After this fight, it felt like our relationship wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t the same it used to be. I think the spark between the two of us was built upon a lie, and that lie had now come out. So, basically, the love was gone. I delved myself into writing. However, writing also slowly started to feel meaningless. It seemed the only way for me to continue would be to try to regain my position as a scientist. However, that path seemed further away than ever.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It has started to rain. Rain is quite different here, compared to what I remember of the days before the Event. Instead of droplets, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s more as though temporary waterfalls hit the ground. Oddly enough, getting rid of the water here is one of the main challenges of living here. It\u8217\'92s better to stay inside here during the rain, because it can hurt quite a bit to be hit by the streams of water. Also, the temperature of the water varies quite wildly. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A few years after the disaster that ended my scientific career, the scientist that told everyone my research was fake, Arthur, did a live demonstration not dissimilar to mine.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Arthur and I had never been on good terms, from the day we met each-other we both knew we were destined to be rivals. Of course, he took care to invite me.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We met during a lunch-break, when we were still both studying at University. I had just had a breakthrough for a paper I was working on, and was explaining it to my friends. He explained, in high volume (ensuring everyone around us would be able to hear it), why my idea was both simple, as well as stupid. And even though critique and discussion are essential parts of scientific conversation, between Arthur and me, it always seemed to be more about the other person, than about the content itself. To be fair, it wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t just him, the contact between the two of us also brought out the worst in me.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 So, when I received his invitation, I was tempted to do either of two things, either to not show up, or to make sure he didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t succeed, meaning he would show to be a fool. I quickly decided on the latter, because I didn\u8217\'92t want him to succeed, especially not since he had used much of my work.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 My plan was deceptively simple, make everyone believe that Arthur\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s research was fake, and that his demonstration was nothing more than a circus trick. I set out to design a complicated contraption, designed to look like it could make special effects similar to the way the energy looks. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, as the day of the event grew nearer, I came to realize that it would almost be impossible to make this spectacular type of energy look like it wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t real. Besides that, his work, in a way, proves my work was actually valid. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 So, instead, I became focused on outdoing Arthur, and therefore proving that I was the one responsible for this energy. Our rivalry gave  me the energy required to start working. I designed further experiments, which could be used to prove the additional properties of the energy found. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t manage, however, to do this before Arthur\u8217\'92s big reveal, and he became the symbol of a new possible future. Everyone loved him, scientists, journalists, politicians, artists. My wife even admitted to me that she thought he did really good for the world, because he made this available to the world. When I mentioned to her that he basically stole my work, she told me that I should just stop lying.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 During his reveal, Arthur had carefully left out that the energy has a will of it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s own, claiming I was just a lunatic, a science fiction-writer gone scientist. So, even though I tried to tell people about this, even much more incredible, property of the newly-found energy, nobody wanted to believe it. This seemed to have two reasons: people both didn\u8217\'92t understand, and didn\u8217\'92t want to understand. The idea of energy wanting something was simply too bizarre for most people. Electricity doesn\u8217\'92t want to turn on the light, it turning on the light is simply a consequence of physical processes. None of the physical processes known at that time were in any way similar to the way this Energy behaves. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It showed that our view of the world might actually be incomplete, and instead, there might be much more sentience in the universe than we\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re aware of. This may have actually scared people enough to not want them to believe it. It\u8217\'92s a lot more simple to wish away the evidence and to say the person claiming such things to be true has to be a lunatic, because then you don\u8217\'92t have to think about such things.\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Time is strange here. Day and night don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really mean much, since it doesn\u8217\'92t really get darker. There is a 24-hour cycle though, with a period of relative calm, and a period of heavy storms. During the storms, staying outside is really unwise. Thus, I choose to call the stormy period night, because that\u8217\'92s the period where it\u8217\'92s more convenient to sleep. During that period, the clouds in the sky move around the rock at an alarmingly high pace. There is still light outside during that period though, so, to get sleep, I had to blind my windows. I haven\u8217\'92t seen the stars for around 25 years now. Instead, the sky permanently looks like a glowing cloud, with rocks and particles hanging in it. Some of those rocks probably also have people living on them, but I have no way of knowing, since I have no way to reach them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I do know there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life beyond my rock though, because I\u8217\'92ve found written text from after the Event. Lately though, these have been getting more scarce, and more frightening.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 One of the main limitations of both my research, and Arthur's is the fact that it was contained within a comparatively small device. This meant the energy that could be obtained from it was comparatively low, and also meant we didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have enough of it to properly observe it, beyond it\u8217\'92s existence. My early experiments proved some behavior could be possible within the container, but it doesn\u8217\'92t have to happen every time.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I knew I wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to get the resources required for such an experiment from the scientific community, for two reasons. For one, my name had become a proverb in the scientific world, meaning as much as `publishing science fiction as science, instead of as fiction`. Secondly, Arthur had become quite a powerful person within the scientific world, and I don\u8217\'92t think he would have permitted my research to take place. I don\u8217\'92t know though, because I didn\u8217\'92t even want to try to talk to him to obtain the funds needed. There was still a limit to how much I was willing to do to achieve my goals. Even though my life had lost some of it\u8217\'92s glow, I still didn\u8217\'92t want to lose it all to my work.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 This changed a few months later, just after the birth of our son, Evan.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I rested my pen, because the memories started to cause me to become emotional. I still feel the betrayal I felt on that day.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a saying that the husband is always the last one to know when a wife is cheating. I only found out months after it started to happen apparently.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Over the course of a few months, she had been absent increasingly during evenings, saying she was requested to work overtime at work. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After that, I stopped caring. Friends, enemies, loved ones, it started to become all the same to me. They were all just distractions preventing me from doing the thing I had set out to do: proving the world that I was right, and that the energy I had found actually does transfer information, and  So, I started thinking of ways to reach that goal. I figured out after a while that there was one person in the entire world that would be able to help me with this. I sighed, and decided that contacting Arthur, and cooperating would have to be the next thing to do. Although he was surprised at first, he had also gotten wiser with age, and he agreed to meet. After formalities, we had quite a nice conversation, and we managed to laugh about quite a few of the events that happened in the past. He told me that he felt sorry for what he did to my scientific career, and I told him I couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t really blame him. This was a lie, but at this point, I no longer cared for these kinds of things, I just wanted to be able to do the required research.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After a while, I showed him my data I found, and he went silent. He said that during one of his tests he had found very similar data, but he said he thought it was just a sensory error. He said it could be very interesting to try to do further research into this subject. He told me however, that my name could, of course, not be affiliated to this research, because it had become dirty. I sighed deeply, and then agreed that the research would have to be done on his name. For me, it was no longer about the rest of the world believing me, but rather, about showing myself that I was right. I saw myself simply as a gear in the scientific machine, only having value because of the things I add to the scientific status quo.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Arthur was quite surprised by the ease with which I decided I was fine with this way of working, but didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t complain. Soon, we set to work. It was amazing to see how much we were able to achieve together. It seemed the two of us really added to eachother. In a way, it was really saddening to think about how long the two of us had been rivaling eachother, instead of working together. But, none of that mattered at this point, as long as the research kept moving forward.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 In the end, we built a prototype with a bigger container, to do some more advanced experiments. From these experiments, we figured out that the Energy started behaving more radically than either of us had expected. This lead to a problem though: Arthur was starting to worry about the risks we were taking with our research. I told him science cannot decide not to do things, purely based on fear. We in the end agreed to do a slightly bigger experiment, and to try to figure out more. I mean, what if we figured out why the Energy was behaving the way it is, we could start to understand much more of the structure of the Universe. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Based on a gut feeling, I decided we were going too slowly, and that the results of the next experiment could cause Arthur to want to stop further experiments. Thus, I started to design a purposeful flaw into the next experiment. I would purposely build a mistake into the containment, causing the Energy to be able to flow out of it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s containment. I worked this into the design; Arthur didn\u8217\'92t notice. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A couple of months later our latest experiment was ready. We both agreed this would be the final one for now, because the risks of increasing scale would probably be too much. This meant that if I wanted to have a chance at doing finishing the experiment, this would be the only possible time. Therefore, though the possible results of the experiment weren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t clear, I decided to take the risk and go ahead with the altered experiment.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Arthur had expressed worries that letting this energy lose into our world could have irreversible consequences. At that time, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think much of these worries. It turned out my decision then had severe consequences.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Then the day came for the actual experimentation. We agreed that, since he was getting the PR for it, I should be the one to control the machine. So, I turned on the machine to start the experiment, We both knew immediately that it would have some success. Everything, from the smell in the air, the light, as well as the strange ominous sound, everything indicated something world-changing was about to happen. I let out a sigh as I verified the parameters of the initial setup. Since everything was within the values predicted while preparing for this experiment, I decided to go ahead. I pressed the second button to start the experiment.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 By the time Arthur noticed the experiment was going different from planned, it was too late. He managed to shut off the machine, but some of the Energy was already released into the air. A flashing bolt of energy shot out of the machine, into the room. It first danced around freely, as though stretching it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s legs.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Arthur's eyes showed a combination of disbelief and terror. The Energy started to take the shape of a sphere, moving through the room as though none of the laws of physics had much grip on it. Then it stopped moving, hanging perfectly still in the air. It seemed to observe us, as much as we were observing it. It felt as though something terrible was about to happen, but nothing was happening yet. Arthur and I tried approaching the sphere. It didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t like that, and moved away from us. It stayed on a comfortable distance. Even though it lacked eyes, or any other obviously visible means of observation, we felt like it was observing our every action. This stand-off continued for a few minutes, after which the sphere suddenly started moving again. The sphere has finished observing people, and seemed to have decided it was now time for action. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed to be unsure of where it was, and collided with a desk, causing the desk to catch flame. Arthur started to panic. He picked up the first thing he could find, and threw it at the sphere. The sphere instantly changed location to be next to Arthur\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s head, causing some of his hairs to burn. After that, the Sphere retreated again, and slowly flew around, observing everything in it\u8217\'92s surroundings. \line Suddenly, it changed behavior rapidly, as though it had figured something out. It delicately touched the control mechanism of the experimental setup, which caused it to reboot, and restarted it\u8217\'92s process. The flow of Energy resumed. As time progressed, the sphere grew in size. At this point, Arthur ran away.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 As the Sphere grew in size, the earth started to tremble. I slowly walked away, because it became obvious that this would not end well. I managed to get away before other people started noticing something was wrong. As I was leaving, other people within the facility had figured out what was going on, and started to panic. I decided to go into hiding nearby, awaiting what would happen next. I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be around when people found out what had happened, because I feared for the consequences.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 At that point, I realized the decisions I had made would have a lasting effect on the world. This being seemed to be more powerful than I could have imagined beforehand. I just hoped it would like us humans.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The doomsday clock moved to midnight. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The entire research facility was engulfed by the sphere within the next hour. It seemed to continue growing at a slow, but certain pace. Since the inflow seemed to be constant, the increase in radius was getting lower. From that point on, it lost it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 s sphere-like shape, instead becoming more of an amorphous shape, stretching out as it pleases. When it left the facility, it became world-news. Everyone and his dog had an opinion on it. Most people though, were frightened by it. Some people had tried attacking it, but it just ignored the attacks. But, since no real damage was done yet, most people just continued their lives as though nothing had happened. They just assumed someone would solve it at some point, just like with every other disaster before. Sure, this one is a bit bizarre, but if everyone works together, humanity should be able to win this, people argued.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, as the Shape continued growing, everyone started to get more anxious. Every country in the world wanted, as could be predicted, to have a say in the reaction that should be given. The United States claimed it was within their right to establish first contact with the Shape, while Switzerland said it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s theirs, since it manifested on Swiss soil. In the end, it was agreed that all nations of the world should be represented in the attempts to communicate with the Shape. So, ironically, for the first time in the history of mankind, there were no wars, and everyone was working in unison, at least for that moment.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, when the sphere gave no reaction, but just kept growing, people got increasingly anxious. Military intervention was suggested, but not everyone could get on-board for that. So, it was decided to not haste, and instead focus on observing and not angering the Shape. The Shape seemed to be fine with that, although attempts of scientists to probe from nearby were met with subtle movements indicating they needed to get out. Also, the one person trying to take a sample of it was engulfed by the Shape, probably killing him on the spot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 However, more and more land needed to be evacuated to make space for the Shape. However, as it engulfed more towns, it became clear that the peaceful solution probably wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t help at all. Also, all attempts at communication had failed about as spectacularly than those of a bowl of spaghetti that tries to convince someone not to eat it. The strange thing was though, it didn\u8217\'92t seem to w\u225\'E1nt to kill people, it just kept growing. As time progressed, it even seemed to become more considerate towards people around it, only growing into areas that were already evacuated. A politician suggested to use this fact to our advantage, but this was shut down. This was probably a good thing, because this may have cost us the goodwill this being seemed to have grown towards it. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A month or two later, it was decided that the peaceful solution was dead. A plan was devised to use military force to try to destroy it. It was argued that if this angered it, it would, in the worst case, merely fasten the destruction of humanity, whereas not acting now could remove the only possible chance we might have at attacking it. A plan was made to explode multiple hydrogen-bombs around the sphere, to damage it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s outer shell, followed by a second round, to hopefully finish the job. Critics said this would not have any effect, since all physical objects seemed to be to the Shape were toys to play with. These words were ignored, because everyone else seemed all too happy with finally having a plan, and didn\u8217\'92t want to get told that it wasn\u8217\'92t a good idea.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 So, a few weeks later, an attack was executed. The first bombs hit target, and the results were promising. The entity seemed to be hurt by it, and retracted somewhat. However, the second attack wave was struck from the sky. After that, the Shape started behaving irregularly. I thought it might feel conflicted about what just happened, because it knew why we were doing what we were doing, but still, we tried to kill it. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After that, the Shape started growing at a higher pace, and no longer seemed to be as considerate towards us humans.  It just seemed to want to keep growing, and if humans were in the way, that was their problem. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Two months later, most of Switzerland was gone, as was a part of France and Germany. A decision was made to put up a final stand, and throw all weapons at it that humanity had available. Every army in the world prepared their weapon systems for a final stand. Since these Events would decide the fate of the world, I decided I wanted to see it happen from close by. Thus, I headed to a town that should be just outside the blast radius of the weapons that were planned to be used, and found a nice hill nearby, from which I had a good view over the Shape. I took a deep breath, and took a sip from the coffee I had brought with me. A faint smile appeared on my face, as I mentally prepared for the events that were about to unfold. I turned on my radio, to listen to the live broadcast of the fight that was about to happen.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 From the radio I learned that the attack didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t go as smoothly as planned. They speculated that the Shape had learned from the previous attack. The the planes had taken off as planned, and the missiles had been launched. However, the Shape had prepared a reaction. It started to move wildly, causing the earth to tremor around it. It started out small, but it\u8217\'92s message was nevertheless clear; it didn\u8217\'92t want to get attacked again. Humanity decided, however that it wouldn\u8217\'92t stand down this time either. If the shape couldn\u8217\'92t be killed there and then, the fight would be lost forever. And, even though it was still mostly harmless, it was starting to increasingly take up space. Nobody wanted to figure out what would happen at the point where it engulfed the entire planet.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Thus, the Shape fulfilled it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s threat; as the missiles closed in on the Shape, the earthquakes started to increase heavily in magnitude. Most of the European continent was shaking at magnitudes unheard of. The Eiffel Tower\u8217\'92s steel construction collapsed, killing hundreds of tourists below it. Pisa\u8217\'92s Tower tumbled over as well. However, since the missiles had already been launched, there was no way to stop the attack. Thus, twenty minutes later, all nuclear missiles in the world hit the Shape; all within thirty seconds of each-other. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed the Shape had learned from the last time it was attacked, and made a hole in it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 s shape, to let the missiles through. It managed to put all the energy of the missiles into the ground. This caused an earthquake of a magnitude never seen before. This earthquake caused the earth\u8217\'92s crust to break into pieces. From one moment to the next, the Earth stopped being, and instead got turned into tiny shards. Some of these shards still had buildings on them, or what was left of these buildings. Most buildings however, were not built to handle the stresses that the Event caused.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  The earth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s surface started to split into smaller shards, with the magma underneath becoming highly unstable. Also, this event caused the portal between both worlds to widen, enabling the Entity to grow enormously in size. With that, it\u8217\'92s powers also grew substantially.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 During this event, about half of humanity died out. The number would have been a lot higher, were it not for the fact that the Shape seemed to find compassion again, and decided to try to help people. It started to put people that were left in mid-air back onto their proper locations, and started to contain the magma into the earth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 s core. After that, it seemed to think for some time. It obviously was quite shocked by the results of the actions that had happened before, and wanted to help out where it could. It figured out a solution after some time, and got to work. During this phase, it became clear that everyone, including me even, had underestimated the powers of this being. I don\u8217\'92t know what happened, but after a while, gravity changed. Every shard of the earth got it\u8217\'92s own miniature gravity field. This ensured people could live on the shards of the earth. It also stabilized the positions of the shards relative to each-other. After that, it gently pushed people onto the nearest Shards. I myself however, got unlucky. I guess it must have been caused by me being near the center of the explosion, but I got stuck on a rock, on my own.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 In the first period, there were still moments where I could sometimes glimpse at the other rocks. Some of them seemed to contain buildings, and these looked like they could sustain life. However, after a while, the storm got more stable, and with that, I no longer even had sight on the rest of the world. Since that point, my communication options were limited to throwing things into the storm, and having things fall out of it. This is not a very controlled way of communication, but it will have to do.}}